in O
what O
movie O
does O
a B-Plot
team I-Plot
of I-Plot
highly I-Plot
trained I-Plot
navy I-Plot
seals I-Plot
embark I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
covert I-Plot
mission I-Plot
to I-Plot
recover I-Plot
a I-Plot
kidnapped I-Plot
cia I-Plot
agent I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
does O
captain B-Character_Name
jack I-Character_Name
sparrow I-Character_Name
set B-Plot
out I-Plot
on I-Plot
an I-Plot
expedition I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
the I-Plot
fountain I-Plot
of I-Plot
youth I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
does O
christian B-Actor
bale I-Actor
play O
the O
role O
of O
dicky B-Character_Name
eklund I-Character_Name
the O
brother O
of O
boxer O
mickey B-Actor
ward I-Actor

in O
what O
movie O
does O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
say O
you B-Quote
ve I-Quote
got I-Quote
to I-Quote
ask I-Quote
yourself I-Quote
one I-Quote
question I-Quote
do I-Quote
i I-Quote
feel I-Quote
lucky I-Quote
well I-Quote
do I-Quote
ya I-Quote
punk I-Quote

in O
what O
movie O
does O
federal B-Plot
agent I-Plot
eliot B-Character_Name
ness I-Character_Name
sets B-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
al B-Character_Name
capone I-Character_Name
because B-Plot
of I-Plot
rampant I-Plot
corruption I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
does O
mickey B-Actor
haller I-Actor
makes O
an O
appearance O
in O
the O
michael B-Director
connelly I-Director
movie O
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
novel I-Origin
nine I-Origin
dragons I-Origin

in O
what O
movie O
does O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
finds B-Plot
out I-Plot
that I-Plot
his I-Plot
work I-Plot
superiors I-Plot
host I-Plot
a I-Plot
dinner I-Plot
celebrating I-Plot
the I-Plot
idiocy I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
guests I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
does O
ren B-Character_Name
maccormack I-Character_Name
move B-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot
where I-Plot
dancing I-Plot
has I-Plot
been I-Plot
banned I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
does O
ryan B-Actor
reynolds I-Actor
utter O
the O
motto O
in B-Quote
brightest I-Quote
day I-Quote
in I-Quote
blackest I-Quote
night I-Quote
no I-Quote
evil I-Quote
shall I-Quote
escape I-Quote
my I-Quote
sight I-Quote

in O
what O
movie O
does O
star O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
lose B-Plot
his I-Plot
mind I-Plot
and I-Plot
attempt I-Plot
to I-Plot
murder I-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
is O
batman B-Character_Name
forced B-Plot
to I-Plot
choose I-Plot
between I-Plot
rachel B-Character_Name
his B-Plot
friend I-Plot
and I-Plot
gotham I-Plot
s I-Plot
future I-Plot
harvey B-Character_Name
dent I-Character_Name

in O
what O
movie O
is O
caesar B-Character_Name
forced B-Plot
to I-Plot
stay I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
primate I-Plot
sanctuary I-Plot
after I-Plot
attacking I-Plot
a I-Plot
human I-Plot
being I-Plot

in O
what O
movie O
is O
the O
quote O
man B-Quote
who I-Quote
catch I-Quote
fly I-Quote
with I-Quote
chopsticks I-Quote
can I-Quote
accomplish I-Quote
anything I-Quote
from O

in O
what O
movie O
there O
was O
a O
fake O
this O
is O
based O
on O
a O
true O
story O
blurb O
at O
the O
start O
a O
rather O
cold B-Opinion
way I-Opinion
to O
increase O
the O
drama O

in O
what O
remake B-Relationship
set O
in O
north O
carolina O
featured O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
former I-Plot
convict I-Plot
terrorizing I-Plot
his I-Plot
lawyer I-Plot

in O
what O
smash B-Opinion
hit I-Opinion
of O
1999 B-Year
has O
the O
character O
neo B-Character_Name
being O
asked B-Plot
choose I-Plot
between I-Plot
the I-Plot
blue I-Plot
pill I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
red I-Plot
pill I-Plot

in O
what O
spike B-Director
lee I-Director
film O
did O
angela B-Actor
bassett I-Actor
play O
the B-Plot
wife I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
civil I-Plot
rights I-Plot
leader I-Plot

in O
what O
year O
was O
a O
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
film O
about O
a B-Plot
legendary I-Plot
director I-Plot
and I-Plot
aviator I-Plot
released I-Plot

in O
which O
1992 B-Year
independent B-Genre
american I-Genre
crime I-Genre
film O
did O
legendary O
director O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
first O
burst O
onto O
the O
filmmaking O
scene O

in O
which O
2012 B-Year
halloween B-Plot
gone I-Plot
wrong I-Plot
comedy B-Genre
did O
johnny B-Actor
knoxville I-Actor
star O
alongside O
victoria B-Actor
justice I-Actor

in O
which O
comedy B-Genre
does O
jason B-Actor
bateman I-Actor
and O
reynolds B-Actor
switch B-Plot
places I-Plot
after I-Plot
being I-Plot
struck I-Plot
by I-Plot
lightening I-Plot

in O
which O
film O
does O
billionaire O
bruce B-Character_Name
wayne I-Character_Name
become B-Plot
a I-Plot
superhero I-Plot
and I-Plot
battle I-Plot
ra B-Character_Name
s I-Character_Name
al I-Character_Name
ghul I-Character_Name
to O
save B-Plot
gotham I-Plot
city I-Plot

in O
which O
movie O
does O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
and O
jason B-Actor
bateman I-Actor
end B-Plot
up I-Plot
accidentally I-Plot
having I-Plot
a I-Plot
kid I-Plot
together I-Plot

in O
which O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
do O
justin B-Actor
timberlake I-Actor
and O
mila B-Actor
kunis I-Actor
engage B-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
only I-Plot
sexual I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
with I-Plot
no I-Plot
emotional I-Plot
connection I-Plot

irene B-Actor
dunne I-Actor
and O
cary B-Actor
grant I-Actor
are O
a B-Plot
divorcing I-Plot
couple I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
undermine I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
s I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
at I-Plot
finding I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
love I-Plot
in O
this O
1937 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

irving B-Director
berlin I-Director
directed O
movie O
is O
actually O
the B-Relationship
2 I-Relationship
nd I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
to I-Relationship
use I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
song I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
same I-Relationship
title I-Relationship

isao B-Director
takahata I-Director
directed O
this O
sad B-Opinion
japanese B-Genre
animation I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
little I-Plot
sister I-Plot
s I-Plot
struggle I-Plot
to I-Plot
survive I-Plot
in I-Plot
japan I-Plot
during I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
ii I-Plot
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
akiyuki I-Origin
nosaka I-Origin

it O
s O
the O
movie O
with O
mookie B-Character_Name
by O
spike B-Director
lee I-Director
where O
there B-Plot
are I-Plot
racial I-Plot
tensions I-Plot
explored I-Plot
and I-Plot
it I-Plot
s I-Plot
really I-Plot
hot I-Plot
out I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
setting I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
film I-Plot

it O
was O
a O
movie O
about O
mutants B-Plot
with I-Plot
superhuman I-Plot
powers I-Plot
that I-Plot
attended I-Plot
a I-Plot
school I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
gifted I-Plot

jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
is O
a O
giant O
compared O
to O
his O
co O
star O
jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
jonathan I-Origin
swift I-Origin
classic I-Origin
story I-Origin

jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
is O
the O
voice O
of O
our O
cuddly B-Plot
furry I-Plot
hero I-Plot
who I-Plot
wants I-Plot
to I-Plot
master I-Plot
martial I-Plot
arts I-Plot
in O
this O
2008 B-Year
animated B-Genre
feature O

jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
provides O
the O
voice O
for O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
this O
animated B-Genre
film O
about O
a B-Plot
crime I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
overweight I-Plot
super I-Plot
hero I-Plot
that I-Plot
loves I-Plot
to I-Plot
eat I-Plot

jack B-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
and O
walter B-Actor
matthau I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
billy B-Director
wilder I-Director
directed O
comedy B-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
tabloid I-Plot
newspaper I-Plot
editor I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
prevent I-Plot
his I-Plot
top I-Plot
reporter I-Plot
from I-Plot
retiring I-Plot

jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
got O
his O
big O
break O
in O
this O
1969 B-Year
movie O
his O
portrayal B-Award
of I-Award
liquor B-Plot
soaked I-Plot
attorney I-Plot
george B-Character_Name
hanson I-Character_Name
earned O
nicholson B-Award
his O
first O
oscar B-Award
nomination I-Award

jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
late B-Year
60 I-Year
s I-Year
drama B-Genre
about O
two B-Plot
bikers I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
from I-Plot
la I-Plot
to I-Plot
new I-Plot
orleans I-Plot

jack B-Character_Name
sparrow I-Character_Name
and O
barbossa B-Character_Name
embark B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
the I-Plot
elusive I-Plot
fountain I-Plot
of I-Plot
youth I-Plot
in O
this O
installment B-Relationship
of O
the O
hit O
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
series O
starring O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor

jackie B-Actor
chan I-Actor
babysits B-Plot
three I-Plot
kids I-Plot
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
movie O
directed O
by O
brian B-Director
levant I-Director

james B-Actor
cagney I-Actor
is O
a O
young B-Plot
hoodlum I-Plot
who I-Plot
rises I-Plot
up I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
ranks I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
chicago I-Plot
underworld I-Plot
in O
this O
1931 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre

james B-Director
cameron I-Director
directed O
this O
1997 B-Year
blockbuster B-Opinion
starring O
dicaprio B-Actor
and O
winslet B-Actor
as B-Plot
star I-Plot
crossed I-Plot
lovers I-Plot

james B-Actor
dean I-Actor
natalie I-Actor
wood I-Actor
and O
sal B-Actor
mineo I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
1955 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
directed O
by O
nicholas B-Director
ray I-Director

james B-Actor
franco I-Actor
has O
good O
intentions O
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
movie O
that O
tries B-Plot
to I-Plot
explain I-Plot
how I-Plot
the I-Plot
primates I-Plot
became I-Plot
superior I-Plot
to I-Plot
man I-Plot

james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
is O
charles B-Character_Name
lindbergh I-Character_Name
in O
this O
movie O
about B-Plot
his I-Plot
struggles I-Plot
to I-Plot
finance I-Plot
and I-Plot
design I-Plot
the I-Plot
plane I-Plot
that I-Plot
will I-Plot
make I-Plot
him I-Plot
famous I-Plot

james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
played O
a O
deputy B-Plot
sheriff I-Plot
and O
marlene B-Actor
dietrich I-Actor
the O
saloon B-Plot
gal I-Plot
frenchie B-Character_Name
in O
this O
classic B-Opinion
1939 B-Year
western B-Genre

james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
was O
given B-Plot
credit I-Plot
for I-Plot
killing I-Plot
bad I-Plot
man I-Plot
lee B-Actor
marvin I-Actor
who B-Plot
was I-Plot
actually I-Plot
shot I-Plot
by I-Plot
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
in O
this O
john B-Director
ford I-Director
western B-Genre

jamie B-Actor
lee I-Actor
curtis I-Actor
was O
the O
heroine O
in O
this O
john B-Director
carpenter I-Director
1978 B-Year
horror B-Genre
classic I-Genre
introducing O
psychotic B-Plot
murderer I-Plot
michael B-Character_Name
myers I-Character_Name

janet B-Actor
leigh I-Actor
was O
nomiated B-Award
for I-Award
an I-Award
oscar I-Award
for O
her O
role O
in O
this O
1960 B-Year
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director
classic B-Opinion

jason B-Actor
bateman I-Actor
comes B-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
realization I-Plot
that I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
the I-Plot
sperm I-Plot
donor I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
best I-Plot
friend I-Plot
s I-Plot
boy I-Plot
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

jason B-Actor
momoa I-Actor
is O
our O
warrior B-Plot
in I-Plot
this I-Plot
retelling I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
about I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
seeking I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
evil I-Plot
warlord I-Plot
who I-Plot
attacked I-Plot
his I-Plot
village I-Plot
and I-Plot
murdered I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot

jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor
stars O
along O
side O
amy B-Actor
adams I-Actor
and O
kermit B-Actor
the I-Actor
frog I-Actor
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

jean B-Director
renoir I-Director
directed O
this O
war B-Genre
drama I-Genre
about O
two B-Plot
french I-Plot
soldiers I-Plot
who I-Plot
are I-Plot
captured I-Plot
and I-Plot
imprisoned I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
german I-Plot
pow I-Plot
camp I-Plot

jeff B-Actor
bridges I-Actor
and O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
wild B-Genre
west I-Genre
tale O
about O
a O
teenage B-Plot
girl I-Plot
s I-Plot
determination I-Plot
for I-Plot
revenge I-Plot

jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
comedy B-Genre
about O
employees B-Plot
who I-Plot
hate I-Plot
their I-Plot
jobs I-Plot

jennifer B-Actor
anniston I-Actor
co O
stars O
with O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
in O
this O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
joins I-Plot
a I-Plot
hippie I-Plot
community I-Plot
about I-Plot
free I-Plot
love I-Plot

jennifer B-Actor
anniston I-Actor
sexually B-Plot
harrasses I-Plot
her I-Plot
male I-Plot
employee I-Plot
jason B-Actor
batemen I-Actor
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
about B-Plot
disgruntled I-Plot
employees I-Plot

jennifer B-Actor
lawrence I-Actor
and O
elisabeth B-Actor
shue I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
horror B-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
mother I-Plot
and I-Plot
daughter I-Plot
move I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
town I-Plot
and I-Plot
find I-Plot
themselves I-Plot
living I-Plot
next I-Plot
door I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
home I-Plot
where I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
murdered I-Plot
her I-Plot
parents I-Plot

jennifer B-Actor
lawrence I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
horror B-Genre
flick O
in O
which O
she O
lives B-Plot
next I-Plot
door I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
house I-Plot
where I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
murdered I-Plot
her I-Plot
parents I-Plot

jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
falls B-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
fellow I-Plot
inmate I-Plot
in O
this O
2009 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
drama I-Genre
romance I-Genre

jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
inherits B-Plot
six I-Plot
unusual I-Plot
pets I-Plot
and I-Plot
must I-Plot
turn I-Plot
his I-Plot
home I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
winter I-Plot
wonderland I-Plot
to I-Plot
keep I-Plot
them I-Plot
happy I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
family B-Genre
comedy I-Genre

jim B-Director
henson I-Director
and O
frank B-Director
oz I-Director
co O
directed O
this O
1982 B-Year
animated B-Genre
family I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
gelfling I-Plot
who I-Plot
sets I-Plot
out I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
quest I-Plot

jim B-Director
henson I-Director
directed O
this O
1986 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
musical I-Genre
starring O
jennifer B-Actor
connelly I-Actor
and O
david B-Actor
bowie I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
her I-Plot
baby I-Plot
brother I-Plot
back I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
goblins I-Plot

joe B-Director
camp I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
1974 B-Year
family B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O
about O
a O
stray B-Plot
dog I-Plot
saves I-Plot
two I-Plot
kidnapped I-Plot
children I-Plot

john B-Actor
cusack I-Actor
starred O
as O
the O
poet O
edgar B-Character_Name
allan I-Character_Name
poe I-Character_Name
in O
this O
thriller B-Genre
directed O
by O
james B-Director
mcteigue I-Director

john B-Director
huston I-Director
directed O
his O
father O
walter B-Actor
huston I-Actor
to O
a O
best B-Award
supporting I-Award
actor I-Award
academy I-Award
award I-Award
in O
this O
1948 B-Year
classic B-Genre

john B-Actor
neville I-Actor
and O
eric B-Actor
idle I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
fanciful B-Genre
account B-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
and I-Plot
adventures I-Plot
of I-Plot
this I-Plot
famous I-Plot
pirate I-Plot

john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
and O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
each O
play B-Plot
dual I-Plot
roles I-Plot
as I-Plot
good I-Plot
guy I-Plot
bad I-Plot
guy I-Plot
in O
this O
1997 B-Year
action B-Genre
movie O

john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
action B-Genre
crime I-Genre
drama I-Genre
as O
a O
young B-Plot
employee I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
office I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
us I-Plot
ambassador I-Plot
who I-Plot
hooks I-Plot
up I-Plot
with I-Plot
an I-Plot
american I-Plot
spy I-Plot
looking I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
a I-Plot
terrorist I-Plot
attack I-Plot
a I-Plot
french I-Plot
city I-Plot

john B-Director
waters I-Director
wrote O
produced O
shot O
edited O
directed O
and O
even O
narrated O
this O
1972 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
starring O
divine B-Actor

john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
and O
dean B-Actor
martin I-Actor
are O
brothers B-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
avenge I-Plot
their I-Plot
mother I-Plot
s I-Plot
death I-Plot
in O
this O
1965 B-Year
western B-Genre

john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
plays O
a B-Plot
boozer I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
hired I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
strong I-Plot
willed I-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
what O
movie O
is O
this O
called O

john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
won O
an O
oscar B-Award
for O
his O
role O
as O
the O
character O
rooster B-Character_Name
cogburn I-Character_Name
in O
this O
1969 B-Year
western B-Genre

johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
s O
first O
movie O
role O
was O
in O
this O
wes B-Director
craven I-Director
horror B-Genre
feature O
as B-Plot
the I-Plot
boyfriend I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
haunted I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
in I-Plot
her I-Plot
dreams I-Plot

johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
provides O
the O
lead O
voice O
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
movie O
that O
won B-Award
the I-Award
best I-Award
animated I-Award
film I-Award
oscar I-Award

johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
1994 B-Year
tim B-Director
burton I-Director
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
man I-Plot
deemed I-Plot
the I-Plot
worst I-Plot
filmmaker I-Plot
in I-Plot
history I-Plot

johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
stars O
as O
a O
rare B-Plot
book I-Plot
dealer I-Plot
who I-Plot
while I-Plot
seeking I-Plot
out I-Plot
the I-Plot
last I-Plot
two I-Plot
copies I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
demon I-Plot
text I-Plot
gets I-Plot
drawn I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
conspiracy I-Plot
with I-Plot
supernatural I-Plot
overtones I-Plot
in O
this O
1999 B-Year
roman B-Director
polanski I-Director
thriller B-Genre

jonah B-Actor
hill I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
college I-Plot
student I-Plot
on I-Plot
suspension I-Plot
is I-Plot
coaxed I-Plot
into I-Plot
watching I-Plot
the I-Plot
kids I-Plot
next I-Plot
door I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

jonah B-Actor
hill I-Actor
is O
in O
over O
his O
head O
when O
he O
is O
in B-Plot
charge I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
neighbor I-Plot
kids I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

judy B-Actor
garland I-Actor
played O
dorothy B-Character_Name
and O
had O
a O
pet O
dog O
named O
toto B-Character_Name
in O
this O
classic B-Opinion
1939 B-Year
musical B-Genre

juliette B-Actor
binoche I-Actor
walked O
away O
with O
the O
oscar B-Award
for O
her O
role O
in O
this O
1996 B-Year
drama B-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
nurse I-Plot
in I-Plot
wwii I-Plot
that I-Plot
helps I-Plot
a I-Plot
badly I-Plot
burned I-Plot
plane I-Plot
crash I-Plot
victim I-Plot

kathy B-Actor
bates I-Actor
is O
housewife B-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
unhappy I-Plot
with I-Plot
her I-Plot
life I-Plot
who I-Plot
befriends I-Plot
an I-Plot
old I-Plot
lady I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
nursing I-Plot
home I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
enthralled I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
tales I-Plot
she I-Plot
tells I-Plot
of I-Plot
people I-Plot
she I-Plot
used I-Plot
to I-Plot
know I-Plot
in O
this O
1991 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
drama I-Genre

kenneth B-Actor
branagh I-Actor
and O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
have O
both O
played O
the O
prince B-Plot
of I-Plot
denmark I-Plot
in O
big O
screen O
versions B-Relationship
of O
this O
shakespeare B-Origin
play I-Origin

kevin B-Director
costner I-Director
directed O
and O
starred O
in O
this O
1990 B-Year
western B-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
michael I-Origin
blake I-Origin
winning B-Award
him I-Award
two I-Award
oscars I-Award

kevin B-Actor
costner I-Actor
plays O
an B-Plot
aging I-Plot
catcher I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
minor I-Plot
leagues I-Plot
with O
tim B-Actor
robbins I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
hot I-Plot
shot I-Plot
young I-Plot
pitcher I-Plot
and O
susan B-Actor
sarandon I-Actor
as O
their B-Plot
love I-Plot
interest I-Plot

kevin B-Actor
spacey I-Actor
earned O
an O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
supporting I-Award
actor I-Award
with O
his O
performance O
in O
what O
1995 B-Year
mystery B-Genre
movie O

kim B-Actor
basinger I-Actor
walked O
away O
with O
the O
oscar B-Award
for O
her O
role O
as O
lynn B-Character_Name
bracken I-Character_Name
in O
this O
1997 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre

kurt B-Actor
russell I-Actor
is O
our O
action B-Plot
hero I-Plot
snake B-Character_Name
plissken I-Character_Name
in O
this O
thrilling B-Genre
action I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
set O
in O
the O
futuristic B-Plot
big O
apple O

kurt B-Actor
russell I-Actor
is O
wyatt B-Character_Name
earp I-Character_Name
in O
this O
1993 B-Year
historical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
about O
his B-Plot
plans I-Plot
to I-Plot
retire I-Plot
in I-Plot
this I-Plot
arizona I-Plot
town I-Plot

last B-Relationship
to I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
famous I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
of O
animated B-Genre
movies O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
big I-Plot
green I-Plot
ogre I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
donkey I-Plot
and I-Plot
cat I-Plot
friends I-Plot

laurence B-Actor
fishburne I-Actor
stars O
as O
the O
title O
character O
in O
this O
1995 B-Year
drama B-Genre
based O
on O
shakespeare B-Origin
s I-Origin
play I-Origin
about O
interracial B-Plot
love I-Plot

leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
investigates B-Plot
a I-Plot
missing I-Plot
person I-Plot
claim I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
mental I-Plot
hospital I-Plot
in O
this O
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
directed O
suspense B-Genre
crime I-Genre
drama I-Genre

liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
and O
bradley B-Actor
cooper I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
1980 I-Origin
s I-Origin
television I-Origin
show I-Origin
about O
a O
group B-Plot
of I-Plot
iraq I-Plot
war I-Plot
veterans I-Plot
looking I-Plot
to I-Plot
clear I-Plot
their I-Plot
name I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
u I-Plot
s I-Plot
military I-Plot

liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
has B-Plot
only I-Plot
his I-Plot
wits I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
bare I-Plot
hands I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
the I-Plot
wolves I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
on I-Plot
his I-Plot
heels I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
thriller I-Genre

liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
skilled I-Plot
huntsman I-Plot
leading I-Plot
plane I-Plot
crash I-Plot
survivors I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
alaskan I-Plot
wilderness I-Plot
and I-Plot
keeping I-Plot
the I-Plot
wolves I-Plot
away I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre

louis B-Director
leterrier I-Director
directed O
this O
2010 B-Year
film O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
battles I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
mortal I-Plot
son I-Plot
of I-Plot
zeus I-Plot

lucy B-Plot
and I-Plot
edmond I-Plot
pevensie I-Plot
sail I-Plot
the I-Plot
high I-Plot
seas I-Plot
in O
the O
third B-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
of O
a O
popular B-Opinion
book B-Origin
to I-Origin
movie I-Origin
series I-Origin
called O
what O

m B-Director
night I-Director
shamalan I-Director
directed O
what O
thrilling B-Genre
horror I-Genre
movie O
starring O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
and O
haley B-Actor
joel I-Actor
osment I-Actor

macaulay B-Actor
culkin I-Actor
tries B-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
his I-Plot
home I-Plot
from I-Plot
two I-Plot
foolish I-Plot
thieves I-Plot
in O
this O
holiday B-Genre
classic B-Opinion

main O
character O
can O
bend O
air O
and O
has O
an O
arrow O
on O
his O
head O
and O
is O
called O
aang B-Character_Name

marilyn B-Actor
monroe I-Actor
s O
character O
says O
story B-Quote
of I-Quote
my I-Quote
life I-Quote
i I-Quote
always I-Quote
get I-Quote
the I-Quote
fuzzy I-Quote
end I-Quote
of I-Quote
the I-Quote
lollipop I-Quote
in O
this O
1959 B-Year
billy B-Director
wilder I-Director
comedy B-Genre

mario B-Director
andreacchio I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
family B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
puppy I-Plot
named I-Plot
after I-Plot
the I-Plot
french I-Plot
ruler I-Plot

mario B-Origin
puzo I-Origin
s I-Origin
best I-Origin
selling I-Origin
novel I-Origin
about O
an O
organized B-Plot
crime I-Plot
family I-Plot
turned O
movie O
won O
an O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
picture I-Award
in O
1972 B-Year

martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
directed O
this O
2002 B-Year
historical B-Genre
crime I-Genre
drama I-Genre
starring O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
which O
received B-Award
10 I-Award
oscar I-Award
nominations I-Award
that O
year O

martin B-Actor
short I-Actor
and O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
have O
both O
played O
the O
mad B-Character_Name
hatter I-Character_Name
in O
different O
versions O
of O
this O
disney B-Director
classic B-Opinion
based O
on O
the O
children B-Origin
s I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
lewis I-Origin
carroll I-Origin

matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
and O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
gripping B-Opinion
love B-Genre
story I-Genre
where O
they B-Plot
are I-Plot
kept I-Plot
apart I-Plot
by I-Plot
mystical I-Plot
forces I-Plot

matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
and O
heath B-Actor
ledger I-Actor
are O
traveling B-Plot
con I-Plot
artists I-Plot
who I-Plot
encounter I-Plot
a I-Plot
genuine I-Plot
fairy I-Plot
tale I-Plot
curse I-Plot
which I-Plot
requires I-Plot
true I-Plot
courage I-Plot
instead I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
usual I-Plot
bogus I-Plot
exorcisms I-Plot
in O
this O
2005 B-Year
action B-Genre
thriller I-Genre

matt B-Director
reeves I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
thriller B-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
befriends I-Plot
a I-Plot
female I-Plot
vampire I-Plot

matthew B-Actor
broderick I-Actor
is O
clark B-Character_Name
kellogg I-Character_Name
a O
young B-Plot
man I-Plot
starting I-Plot
his I-Plot
first I-Plot
year I-Plot
at I-Plot
film I-Plot
school I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot
in O
this O
comedy B-Genre
crime I-Genre
movie O

matthew B-Actor
macfadyen I-Actor
luke I-Actor
evans I-Actor
and O
ray B-Actor
stevenson I-Actor
are O
the O
swashbuckling O
trio O
in O
this O
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O

matthew B-Actor
mcconaughey I-Actor
and O
marisa B-Actor
tomei I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
best I-Origin
seller I-Origin
by I-Origin
michael I-Origin
connelly I-Origin

matthew B-Actor
mcconaughey I-Actor
is O
a O
sleazy B-Plot
defense I-Plot
attorney I-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
crisis I-Plot
of I-Plot
conscience I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
represents I-Plot
a I-Plot
wealthy I-Plot
client I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
foolproof I-Plot
plan I-Plot
to I-Plot
beat I-Plot
the I-Plot
system I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
drama B-Genre

may B-Quote
the I-Quote
force I-Quote
be I-Quote
with I-Quote
you I-Quote
is O
a O
famous O
quote O
from O
this O
george B-Director
lucas I-Director
movie O

michael B-Actor
caine I-Actor
and O
julie B-Actor
walters I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
teacher I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
housewife I-Plot
who I-Plot
wants I-Plot
to I-Plot
learn I-Plot

micheal B-Director
bay I-Director
megan B-Actor
fox I-Actor
and O
shia B-Actor
labeouf I-Actor
brought B-Plot
back I-Plot
transforming I-Plot
robots I-Plot
in O
which O
film O

mike B-Director
judge I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
movie O
about O
employees B-Plot
who I-Plot
hate I-Plot
their I-Plot
jobs I-Plot
and I-Plot
plan I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
on I-Plot
their I-Plot
greedy I-Plot
boss I-Plot

mike B-Director
nichols I-Director
directed O
this O
biographical B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
about O
a O
metallurgy B-Plot
worker I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
plutonium I-Plot
processing I-Plot
plant I-Plot
who I-Plot
was I-Plot
purposefully I-Plot
contaminated I-Plot
psychologically I-Plot
tortured I-Plot
and I-Plot
possibly I-Plot
murdered I-Plot
to I-Plot
prevent I-Plot
her I-Plot
from I-Plot
exposing I-Plot
blatant I-Plot
worker I-Plot
safety I-Plot
violations I-Plot
at I-Plot
the I-Plot
plant I-Plot

miley B-Actor
cyrus I-Actor
stars O
as O
a O
drama B-Genre
centered O
on O
a O
rebellious B-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
sent I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
southern I-Plot
beach I-Plot
town I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
summer I-Plot
to I-Plot
stay I-Plot
with I-Plot
her I-Plot
father I-Plot
in O
this O
nicholas B-Origin
sparks I-Origin
movie O

morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
and O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
are O
detectives B-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
hunt I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
who I-Plot
kills I-Plot
based I-Plot
on I-Plot
man I-Plot
s I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
sins I-Plot

morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
and O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
need B-Plot
to I-Plot
track I-Plot
down I-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot
who I-Plot
commits I-Plot
crimes I-Plot
in I-Plot
accordance I-Plot
with I-Plot
thomas I-Plot
aquinas I-Plot
s I-Plot
famous I-Plot
list I-Plot

movie O
about O
a B-Plot
black I-Plot
ops I-Plot
super I-Plot
soldier I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
looking I-Plot
for I-Plot
playback I-Plot
after I-Plot
she I-Plot
is I-Plot
betrayed I-Plot

movie O
about O
a B-Plot
cia I-Plot
agent I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
run I-Plot
after I-Plot
being I-Plot
accused I-Plot
of I-Plot
being I-Plot
a I-Plot
spy I-Plot

movie O
about O
a B-Plot
city I-Plot
teen I-Plot
named I-Plot
ren B-Character_Name
who B-Plot
moves I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot
where I-Plot
rock I-Plot
movie I-Plot
has I-Plot
been I-Plot
banned I-Plot

movie O
about O
a B-Plot
gang I-Plot
who I-Plot
rape I-Plot
and I-Plot
murder I-Plot
two I-Plot
women I-Plot
then I-Plot
break I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
house I-Plot
not I-Plot
knowing I-Plot
that I-Plot
it I-Plot
belongs I-Plot
to I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
parent I-Plot
s I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
girls I-Plot

movie O
about O
an B-Plot
average I-Plot
worker I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
fed I-Plot
up I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
mundane I-Plot
office I-Plot
life I-Plot
and I-Plot
slowly I-Plot
plots I-Plot
his I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
against O
the O
two B-Character_Name
bobs I-Character_Name

movie O
about O
dancing B-Plot
where I-Plot
a I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
nyc I-Plot
street I-Plot
dancers I-Plot
fight I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
s I-Plot
best I-Plot
hip I-Plot
hop I-Plot
dancers I-Plot

movie O
about O
two B-Plot
detectives I-Plot
who I-Plot
go I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
hunt I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
who I-Plot
uses I-Plot
the I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
sins I-Plot
as I-Plot
guidance I-Plot

movie O
adapted B-Origin
from I-Origin
a I-Origin
classic I-Origin
novel I-Origin
about O
the B-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
six I-Plot
year I-Plot
old I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot
when I-Plot
their I-Plot
father I-Plot
defends I-Plot
a I-Plot
black I-Plot
man I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
time I-Plot
of I-Plot
racism I-Plot

movie O
showing B-Plot
the I-Plot
behind I-Plot
the I-Plot
scenes I-Plot
and I-Plot
everyday I-Plot
activities I-Plot
of I-Plot
teen I-Plot
celebrity I-Plot
singer I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
an I-Plot
iconic I-Plot
haircut I-Plot

movie O
that O
shows O
boyfriends B-Plot
who I-Plot
decide I-Plot
to I-Plot
take I-Plot
things I-Plot
into I-Plot
their I-Plot
own I-Plot
hands I-Plot
after I-Plot
seeing I-Plot
their I-Plot
girlfriends I-Plot
read I-Plot
steve I-Plot
harvey I-Plot
s I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
book I-Plot

movie O
that O
stems B-Relationship
off I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
shrek I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
about O
a B-Plot
cat I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
many I-Plot
adventures I-Plot

movie O
that O
tells O
the O
story B-Plot
and I-Plot
troubles I-Plot
behind I-Plot
the I-Plot
founder I-Plot
of I-Plot
facebook I-Plot
and I-Plot
lawsuits I-Plot
that I-Plot
followed I-Plot

musical B-Genre
about O
a O
plump B-Plot
teen I-Plot
tracy B-Character_Name
after B-Plot
landing I-Plot
a I-Plot
spot I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
local I-Plot
tv I-Plot
dance I-Plot
show I-Plot

musical B-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
widow I-Plot
who I-Plot
accepts I-Plot
a I-Plot
job I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
live I-Plot
in I-Plot
governess I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
king I-Plot
of I-Plot
siam I-Plot
s I-Plot
children I-Plot

name O
a O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
starring O
zachary B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
about O
a B-Plot
student I-Plot
thinking I-Plot
about I-Plot
what I-Plot
he I-Plot
s I-Plot
going I-Plot
to I-Plot
do I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
summer I-Plot

name O
a O
moody B-Opinion
2003 B-Year
movie O
in O
whi O
ch O
bill B-Actor
murray I-Actor
wanders B-Plot
aimlessly I-Plot
through I-Plot
tokyo I-Plot
and O
was O
directed O
by O
sofia B-Director
coppola I-Director

name O
akira B-Director
kurosawa I-Director
s O
epic B-Opinion
film O
about O
a B-Plot
small I-Plot
band I-Plot
of I-Plot
warriors I-Plot
who I-Plot
are I-Plot
hired I-Plot
to I-Plot
protect I-Plot
a I-Plot
farming I-Plot
village I-Plot
from I-Plot
bandits I-Plot

name O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
s O
action B-Genre
movie I-Genre
sequel B-Relationship
to I-Relationship
ridley I-Relationship
scott I-Relationship
s I-Relationship
horror B-Genre
movie B-Relationship
where O
colonial B-Plot
marines I-Plot
take I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
extraterrestrials I-Plot

name O
one O
of O
the O
most O
iconic B-Opinion
western B-Genre
movies O
of O
all O
time O
where O
in O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
rides B-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
his I-Plot
captured I-Plot
niece I-Plot

name O
the O
1968 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
about O
space B-Plot
travel I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
dangers I-Plot
of I-Plot
artificial I-Plot
intelligence I-Plot
gone I-Plot
awry I-Plot

name O
the O
1988 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
lucas B-Character_Name
that O
starred O
val B-Actor
kilmer I-Actor
and O
his O
ex O
wife O
along O
with O
a O
former O
ewok O

name O
the O
1990 B-Year
american B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
film O
starring O
patrick B-Actor
swayze I-Actor
demi I-Actor
moore I-Actor
tony I-Actor
goldwyn I-Actor
and O
whoopi B-Actor
goldberg I-Actor

name O
the O
1992 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
dark I-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
sam B-Director
raimi I-Director
that O
is O
the O
third B-Relationship
and I-Relationship
final I-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
evil I-Relationship
dead I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship

name O
the O
1994 B-Year
basketball B-Plot
classic B-Opinion
that B-Plot
followed I-Plot
two I-Plot
teenage I-Plot
athletes I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
it I-Plot
big I-Plot

name O
the O
2003 B-Year
movie O
does O
scarlett B-Actor
johansson I-Actor
play O
a B-Plot
fading I-Plot
movie I-Plot
star I-Plot
who I-Plot
meets I-Plot
strangers I-Plot
in I-Plot
tokyo I-Plot
and I-Plot
forms I-Plot
unlikely I-Plot
bonds I-Plot

name O
the O
2004 B-Year
movie O
that O
has O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
portraying B-Plot
an I-Plot
eccentric I-Plot
howard B-Character_Name
hughes I-Character_Name
in B-Opinion
an I-Opinion
uplifting I-Opinion
light I-Opinion

name O
the O
2010 B-Year
remake B-Relationship
of O
a O
classic O
story O
about O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
robs I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
rich I-Plot
and I-Plot
gives I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
poor I-Plot

name O
the O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
film O
that O
tells B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
three I-Plot
friends I-Plot
who I-Plot
plot I-Plot
the I-Plot
murder I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
employers I-Plot

name O
the O
2011 B-Year
film O
in O
which O
russell B-Actor
brand I-Actor
plays O
a B-Plot
wealthy I-Plot
heir I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
very I-Plot
close I-Plot
to I-Plot
losing I-Plot
his I-Plot
inheritance I-Plot

name O
the O
2011 B-Year
woody B-Director
allen I-Director
film O
where O
owen B-Actor
wilson I-Actor
portrays B-Plot
a I-Plot
writer I-Plot
who I-Plot
repeatedly I-Plot
and I-Plot
mysteriously I-Plot
travels I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
to I-Plot
met I-Plot
legendary I-Plot
artists I-Plot

name O
the O
famous B-Opinion
movie O
about O
a O
while B-Plot
whale I-Plot

name O
the O
fantasy B-Genre
film O
that O
took O
viewers O
back B-Plot
to I-Plot
middle I-Plot
earth I-Plot
to O
join O
bilbo B-Character_Name
baggins I-Character_Name
for O
the O
first B-Relationship
part I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
prequel I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship
set I-Relationship
before I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
lord I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
rings I-Relationship

name O
the O
flick O
that O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
directed O
in O
1994 B-Year
that O
had O
a O
bunch O
of O
well O
known O
actors O
like O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
samuel I-Actor
l I-Actor
jackson I-Actor
uma I-Actor
thurman I-Actor
and I-Actor
bruce I-Actor
willis I-Actor

name O
the O
gritty B-Opinion
vietnam B-Genre
war I-Genre
movie O
stars O
charlie B-Actor
sheen I-Actor
and O
deals B-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
horrors I-Plot
of I-Plot
war I-Plot

name O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
misadventures B-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
ogre I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
donkey I-Plot
voiced O
by O
mike B-Actor
myers I-Actor
and O
eddie B-Actor
murphy I-Actor

name O
the O
movie O
that O
is O
the O
the O
prequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
lord O
of O
the O
rings O
trilogy O

name O
the O
movie O
that O
stars O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
an B-Plot
ordinary I-Plot
chameleon I-Plot
who I-Plot
accidentally I-Plot
winds I-Plot
up I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
town I-Plot
of I-Plot
dirt I-Plot
a I-Plot
lawless I-Plot
outpost I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
wild I-Plot
west I-Plot
in I-Plot
desperate I-Plot
need I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
sheriff I-Plot

name O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
philadelphia I-Plot
boxer I-Plot
wins I-Plot
the I-Plot
championship I-Plot
belt I-Plot
starring O
sylvester B-Actor
stallone I-Actor

name O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
robot I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot
comes I-Plot
to I-Plot
kill I-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot
to I-Plot
prevent I-Plot
a I-Plot
war I-Plot
between I-Plot
humans I-Plot
and I-Plot
robots I-Plot

name O
the O
oscar B-Award
nominated I-Award
film O
starring O
mark B-Actor
wlaberg I-Actor
playing O
micky B-Character_Name
ward I-Character_Name
trying B-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
into I-Plot
pro I-Plot
boxing I-Plot

name O
the O
over B-Opinion
hyped I-Opinion
and O
under B-Opinion
performing I-Opinion
disney B-Director
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
a I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
that O
was O
released O
in O
2012 B-Year

name O
the O
post B-Genre
apocalyptic I-Genre
movie O
featuring O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
convict I-Plot
missionary I-Plot
time I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
the I-Plot
apocalypse I-Plot
which I-Plot
all I-Plot
people I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot
think I-Plot
is I-Plot
brought I-Plot
about I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
college I-Plot
students I-Plot

name O
the O
speilberg B-Director
classic O
about O
a B-Plot
sheriff I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
catch I-Plot
a I-Plot
shark I-Plot
terrorizing I-Plot
the I-Plot
local I-Plot
beach I-Plot

name O
the O
sports B-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
basketball I-Plot
team I-Plot
that O
starred O
gene B-Actor
hackman I-Actor
as O
the O
coach O

name O
the O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
directed O
blockbuster B-Opinion
starring O
richard B-Actor
dreyfuss I-Actor
and O
a O
mechanical O
shark O
named O
bruce B-Character_Name

name O
the O
winner O
of O
best B-Award
motion I-Award
picture I-Award
of I-Award
the I-Award
year I-Award
by O
the O
academy B-Award
awards I-Award
in O
2011 B-Year
that O
involves B-Plot
the I-Plot
vocal I-Plot
problems I-Plot
of I-Plot
british I-Plot
royal I-Plot

name O
two O
well O
known O
action O
adventure O
stars O
who O
appear O
in O
this O
movie O

name O
which O
disney B-Director
movie O
came O
out O
in O
2010 B-Year
and O
is O
a O
musical B-Genre
version O
of O
the B-Origin
classic I-Origin
rapunzel I-Origin
story I-Origin

named O
after O
a O
country O
in O
the O
southern O
hemisphere O
this O
movie O
features O
off O
the O
wall O
comedy B-Genre
from O
a O
former O
monty O
python O
cast O
member O

natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
ballerina I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot
ballet I-Plot
company I-Plot
whose I-Plot
life I-Plot
like I-Plot
all I-Plot
those I-Plot
in I-Plot
her I-Plot
profession I-Plot
is I-Plot
completely I-Plot
consumed I-Plot
with I-Plot
dance I-Plot
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
thriller B-Genre

natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
is O
the O
lead O
actress O
in O
this O
drama B-Genre
about O
the O
tough B-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
dancer I-Plot

natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
movie O
about B-Plot
girl I-Plot
struggling I-Plot
to I-Plot
keep I-Plot
it I-Plot
together I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
classic I-Plot
ballet I-Plot
performance I-Plot

nathan B-Actor
lane I-Actor
and O
matthew B-Actor
broderick I-Actor
star O
in O
the O
musical B-Genre
adaption B-Origin
of I-Origin
this I-Origin
mel I-Origin
brook I-Origin
s I-Origin
comedy I-Origin
about O
a B-Plot
theater I-Plot
company I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
a I-Plot
flop I-Plot
on I-Plot
purpose I-Plot

nerd B-Plot
turned I-Plot
superhero I-Plot
peter B-Character_Name
parker I-Character_Name
finds B-Plot
himself I-Plot
with I-Plot
amazing I-Plot
powers I-Plot
after I-Plot
being I-Plot
bit I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
radioactive I-Plot
insect I-Plot

nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
stars O
as O
a B-Plot
vengeful I-Plot
father I-Plot
who I-Plot
escapes I-Plot
from I-Plot
hell I-Plot
and I-Plot
chases I-Plot
after I-Plot
the I-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
killed I-Plot
his I-Plot
daughter I-Plot
and I-Plot
kidnapped I-Plot
his I-Plot
granddaughter I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
movie O

nicole B-Actor
kidman I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
2001 B-Year
musical B-Genre
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
poet I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
her I-Plot

noah B-Director
baumbach I-Director
directed O
which O
2010 B-Year
film O
that O
starred O
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
as O
an O
unemployed B-Plot
uninterested I-Plot
in I-Plot
employment I-Plot
loner I-Plot

of B-Quote
all I-Quote
the I-Quote
gin I-Quote
joints I-Quote
in I-Quote
all I-Quote
the I-Quote
world I-Quote
she I-Quote
had I-Quote
to I-Quote
walk I-Quote
into I-Quote
mine I-Quote
is O
a O
quote O
from O
what O
movie O

omar B-Actor
sharif I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
married I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
julie B-Actor
christie I-Actor
during B-Plot
the I-Plot
bolshevik I-Plot
revolution I-Plot
in O
this O
1965 B-Year
oscar B-Award
winner O

on B-Plot
a I-Plot
vacation I-Plot
in I-Plot
paris I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
three I-Plot
travelers I-Plot
is I-Plot
mistaken I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
british I-Plot
heiress I-Plot

on O
the O
film O
s O
soundtrack O
album O
this O
instrumental B-Relationship
piece I-Relationship
is I-Relationship
called I-Relationship
titles I-Relationship
because O
of O
its O
use O
in O
the O
movie O
s O
opening O
titles O
sequence O
but O
it O
widely O
became O
known O
as O
the O
theme O
song O
to O
this O
sports B-Genre
movie O
about O
two B-Plot
olympic I-Plot
runners I-Plot

one O
of O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
s O
team O
ups O
with O
director O
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
where O
he B-Plot
must I-Plot
investigate I-Plot
the I-Plot
escape I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot
from I-Plot
an I-Plot
eerie I-Plot
asylum I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
criminally I-Plot
insane I-Plot

one O
of O
the O
first O
disney B-Director
animated B-Genre
films O
with O
beautiful O
images O
few O
lines O
and O
a O
lot O
of O
music O

one O
of O
the O
most B-Opinion
memorable I-Opinion
scenes I-Opinion
from O
this O
film O
involve O
a B-Plot
boy I-Plot
riding I-Plot
his I-Plot
bike I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
sky I-Plot

only O
four O
of O
the O
male O
leads O
were O
dancers O
in O
this O
1954 B-Year
musical B-Genre
russ B-Actor
tamblyn I-Actor
gideon I-Actor
was O
an O
acrobat O
and O
jeff B-Actor
richards I-Actor
benjamin I-Actor
was O
an O
actor O
benjamin O
rarely O
dances O
in O
the O
movie O

oprah B-Actor
winfrey I-Actor
was O
nominated B-Award
for I-Award
an I-Award
oscar I-Award
for O
her O
supporting O
role O
in O
this O
spielberg B-Director
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
alice I-Origin
walker I-Origin

orson B-Director
welles I-Director
directed O
and O
starred O
in O
this O
1965 B-Year
movie O
about O
the O
career B-Plot
of I-Plot
shakespeare I-Plot
s I-Plot
sir I-Plot
john I-Plot
falstaff I-Plot
as I-Plot
roistering I-Plot
companion I-Plot
to I-Plot
young I-Plot
prince I-Plot
hal I-Plot

orson B-Actor
wells I-Actor
psychological O
profile B-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
eccentric I-Plot
billionaire I-Plot
has O
been O
voted O
the O
greatest B-Opinion
movie I-Opinion
of I-Opinion
all I-Opinion
time I-Opinion
by O
some O

past B-Plot
and I-Plot
present I-Plot
are I-Plot
blending I-Plot
when I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
writer I-Plot
takes I-Plot
a I-Plot
late I-Plot
night I-Plot
stroll I-Plot
in I-Plot
france I-Plot
meeting I-Plot
some I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
s I-Plot
greatest I-Plot
writers I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
process I-Plot

pat B-Actor
morita I-Actor
teaches B-Plot
and I-Plot
mentors I-Plot
ralph B-Actor
macchio I-Actor
in O
this O
hit B-Opinion
1984 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O
that O
was O
later O
remade O
starring O
jackie O
chan O
and O
jaden O
smith O

paul B-Actor
bettany I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
of I-Plot
god I-Plot
who I-Plot
disobeys I-Plot
church I-Plot
law I-Plot
to I-Plot
track I-Plot
down I-Plot
the I-Plot
vampires I-Plot
who I-Plot
kidnapped I-Plot
his I-Plot
niece I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
horror I-Genre
flick O

paul B-Actor
giamatti I-Actor
and O
thomas B-Actor
haden I-Actor
church I-Actor
are O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
reaching I-Plot
middle I-Plot
age I-Plot
with I-Plot
not I-Plot
much I-Plot
to I-Plot
show I-Plot
but I-Plot
disappointment I-Plot
in O
this O
2004 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
romance I-Genre
movie O

paul B-Actor
newman I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
1977 B-Year
hockey B-Genre
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
struggles I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
minor I-Plot
league I-Plot
team I-Plot

paul B-Actor
newman I-Actor
stars O
as O
rocky B-Character_Name
graziano I-Character_Name
in O
this O
biographical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
criminal I-Plot
turned I-Plot
boxer I-Plot

paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
and O
steve B-Actor
carrell I-Actor
team B-Plot
up I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
party I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
lifetime I-Plot
and O
no B-Relationship
it I-Relationship
is I-Relationship
n I-Relationship
t I-Relationship
anchorman O

penny B-Character_Name
chenery I-Character_Name
tweedy I-Character_Name
and O
colleagues B-Plot
guide I-Plot
her I-Plot
long I-Plot
shot I-Plot
but I-Plot
precocious I-Plot
stallion I-Plot
to I-Plot
set I-Plot
in I-Plot
1973 I-Plot
the I-Plot
unbeaten I-Plot
record I-Plot
for I-Plot
winning I-Plot
the I-Plot
triple I-Plot
crown I-Plot
is O
the O
plot O
of O
this O
2010 B-Year
family B-Genre
drama I-Genre

perseus B-Character_Name
mortal I-Character_Name
son I-Character_Name
of I-Character_Name
zeus I-Character_Name
battles B-Plot
the I-Plot
minions I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
underworld I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
them I-Plot
from I-Plot
conquering I-Plot
the I-Plot
earth I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
heavens I-Plot
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
fantasy I-Genre

peter B-Director
hedges I-Director
directed O
this O
charming B-Opinion
fantasy B-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
story I-Origin
by I-Origin
ahmet I-Origin
zappa I-Origin
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
joins I-Plot
a I-Plot
family I-Plot
by I-Plot
rather I-Plot
unusual I-Plot
means I-Plot

peter B-Director
jackson I-Director
directed O
this O
smash B-Opinion
hit I-Opinion
starring O
jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
as O
a O
1930 B-Plot
s I-Plot
film I-Plot
maker I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
mission I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
an I-Plot
unforgettable I-Plot
nature I-Plot
documentary I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
more I-Plot
than I-Plot
he I-Plot
bargained I-Plot
for I-Plot

peter B-Actor
lorre I-Actor
stars O
in O
the O
original B-Relationship
version I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
this I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
about O
when B-Plot
police I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
german I-Plot
city I-Plot
are I-Plot
unable I-Plot
to I-Plot
catch I-Plot
a I-Plot
child I-Plot
murderer I-Plot
other I-Plot
criminals I-Plot
join I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
manhunt I-Plot

peter B-Actor
sellers I-Actor
is O
a O
lowly B-Plot
gardener I-Plot
who I-Plot
s I-Plot
simple I-Plot
utterances I-Plot
are I-Plot
mistaken I-Plot
for I-Plot
profound I-Plot
wisdom I-Plot
in O
this O
1979 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

phoebe B-Actor
cates I-Actor
famously B-Plot
rose I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
pool I-Plot
removing I-Plot
her I-Plot
red I-Plot
bikini I-Plot
top I-Plot
while I-Plot
sean B-Actor
penn I-Actor
was O
a O
stoned O
spicoli O
in O
this O
1982 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

play B-Quote
it I-Quote
again I-Quote
sam I-Quote
is O
one O
of O
the O
memorable O
quotes O
from O
this O
classic B-Opinion
humphrey B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
romance B-Genre

psychological B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
with O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
and O
mila B-Actor
kunis I-Actor
about O
the B-Plot
dangers I-Plot
of I-Plot
chasing I-Plot
perfection I-Plot
in I-Plot
ballet I-Plot

quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
directs O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
john I-Actor
travolta I-Actor
uma I-Actor
therman I-Actor
and O
others O
in O
this O
crime B-Genre
classic I-Genre

rapunzel B-Character_Name
is B-Plot
having I-Plot
a I-Plot
bad I-Plot
hair I-Plot
day I-Plot
she I-Plot
s I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
tower I-Plot
and I-Plot
off I-Plot
to I-Plot
discover I-Plot
life I-Plot
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
animated B-Genre
feature O

ray B-Actor
liotta I-Actor
robert I-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
and O
joe B-Actor
pesci I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
film O
about B-Plot
gangsters I-Plot
in I-Plot
organized I-Plot
crime I-Plot

red B-Character_Name
riding I-Character_Name
hood I-Character_Name
is B-Plot
training I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
sister I-Plot
hoods I-Plot
when I-Plot
she I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
wolf I-Plot
are I-Plot
called I-Plot
to I-Plot
examine I-Plot
the I-Plot
sudden I-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
disappearance I-Plot
of I-Plot
hansel B-Character_Name
and I-Character_Name
gretel I-Character_Name
in O
this O
animated B-Genre
feature O

reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
gets B-Plot
between I-Plot
two I-Plot
cia I-Plot
operatives I-Plot
who I-Plot
wage I-Plot
battle I-Plot
against I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
over I-Plot
her I-Plot
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
woman I-Plot
transformed I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
giant I-Plot
after I-Plot
she I-Plot
is I-Plot
struck I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
meteorite I-Plot
on I-Plot
her I-Plot
wedding I-Plot
day I-Plot
in O
this O
2009 B-Year
animated B-Genre
action I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O

reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
won O
an O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
actress I-Award
for O
playing B-Plot
the I-Plot
wife I-Plot
of I-Plot
johnny B-Character_Name
cash I-Character_Name
in B-Plot
this I-Plot
film I-Plot

released O
in O
2008 B-Year
this O
horror B-Genre
film O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
virus I-Plot
that I-Plot
turns I-Plot
people I-Plot
into I-Plot
flesh I-Plot
eating I-Plot
zombies I-Plot
it O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
well I-Origin
known I-Origin
1985 I-Origin
genre I-Origin
film I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin

remade B-Relationship
in I-Relationship
2011 I-Relationship
this O
1984 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
is O
about O
a B-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
crazy I-Plot
ban I-Plot
on I-Plot
dancing I-Plot
and I-Plot
rock I-Plot
n I-Plot
roll I-Plot

remember O
that O
movie O
where O
the B-Plot
lion I-Plot
ruled I-Plot
the I-Plot
jungle I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
brother I-Plot
turned I-Plot
on I-Plot
him I-Plot

remember O
the O
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
little I-Plot
bear I-Plot
who I-Plot
loved I-Plot
honey I-Plot
and I-Plot
had I-Plot
other I-Plot
animal I-Plot
friends I-Plot
also I-Plot

remember B-Plot
those I-Plot
things I-Plot
that I-Plot
go I-Plot
bump I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
night I-Plot
little I-Plot
did I-Plot
you I-Plot
know I-Plot
they I-Plot
power I-Plot
their I-Plot
world I-Plot
on I-Plot
your I-Plot
fear I-Plot

renoir B-Director
s O
look B-Plot
at I-Plot
bourgeois I-Plot
life I-Plot
in I-Plot
france I-Plot
at I-Plot
the I-Plot
onset I-Plot
of I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
ii I-Plot
is O
the O
plot O
of O
this O
1939 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
drama I-Genre

rex B-Actor
harrison I-Actor
won B-Award
an I-Award
oscar I-Award
for O
his O
role O
as O
a B-Plot
misogynistic I-Plot
and I-Plot
snobbish I-Plot
phonetics I-Plot
professor I-Plot
who I-Plot
believes I-Plot
he I-Plot
can I-Plot
take I-Plot
a I-Plot
common I-Plot
flower I-Plot
girl I-Plot
and I-Plot
turn I-Plot
her I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
sophisticated I-Plot
woman I-Plot
in O
this O
1964 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
romance I-Genre

richard B-Actor
gere I-Actor
in O
his O
first O
stud B-Plot
role I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
love I-Plot
interest I-Plot
for O
diane B-Actor
keaton I-Actor
in O
this O
drama B-Genre
based O
on O
the O
novel B-Origin
by I-Origin
judith I-Origin
rossner I-Origin

richard B-Actor
gere I-Actor
took O
tap O
dance O
lessons O
for O
three O
months O
to O
prepare O
for O
his O
role O
as O
the O
criminal O
defense O
attorney O
billy B-Character_Name
flynn I-Character_Name
in O
this O
2002 B-Year
musical B-Genre

ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
directed O
this O
movie O
starring O
sigourney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor
fighting B-Plot
strange I-Plot
creatures I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
space I-Plot
ship I-Plot

river B-Actor
phoenix I-Actor
and O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
star O
as O
two B-Plot
best I-Plot
friends I-Plot
living I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
streets I-Plot
of I-Plot
portland I-Plot
as I-Plot
hustlers I-Plot
who I-Plot
embark I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
journey I-Plot
of I-Plot
self I-Plot
discovery I-Plot
in O
this O
1991 B-Year
drama B-Genre
romance I-Genre

robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
gives B-Plot
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
a B-Plot
lie I-Plot
dector I-Plot
test I-Plot
in O
this O
2000 B-Year
hit B-Opinion
comedy B-Genre

robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
is O
a O
former B-Plot
prohibition I-Plot
era I-Plot
jewish I-Plot
gangster I-Plot
who I-Plot
returns I-Plot
to I-Plot
brooklyn I-Plot
over I-Plot
30 I-Plot
years I-Plot
later I-Plot
in O
this O
1984 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre

robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
walked O
away O
with O
the O
oscar B-Award
for O
his O
role O
of O
a B-Plot
boxer I-Plot
who I-Plot
ca I-Plot
n I-Plot
t I-Plot
control I-Plot
his I-Plot
temper I-Plot
in O
this O
1980 B-Year
sports B-Genre
drama I-Genre
directed O
by O
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director

robert B-Actor
deniro I-Actor
plays O
a B-Plot
failed I-Plot
lawyer I-Plot
turned I-Plot
boxing I-Plot
promoter I-Plot
in O
this O
1992 B-Year
film O
also O
starring O
jessica B-Actor
lange I-Actor
as O
his O
wife O

robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
and O
zach B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
make O
an O
odd O
pair O
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
father I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
it I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
s I-Plot
delivery I-Plot
on I-Plot
time I-Plot

robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
and O
zach B-Actor
galifinakis I-Actor
star O
this O
comedy B-Genre
about O
a O
man B-Plot
traveling I-Plot
with I-Plot
an I-Plot
obnoxious I-Plot
road I-Plot
mate I-Plot
to I-Plot
see I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
before I-Plot
she I-Plot
delivers I-Plot
their I-Plot
child I-Plot

robert B-Actor
duvall I-Actor
is O
bank O
robber O
outlaw O
jesse B-Character_Name
james I-Character_Name
in O
this O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
bank I-Plot
robbery I-Plot
gone I-Plot
wrong I-Plot

robert B-Director
j I-Director
flaherty I-Director
directs O
this O
silent B-Genre
film I-Genre
documentary I-Genre
that O
follows B-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
native I-Plot
alaskan I-Plot
family I-Plot

robert B-Actor
mitchum I-Actor
stalks B-Plot
lawyer I-Plot
gregory B-Actor
peck I-Actor
and O
terrorizes B-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot
in O
this O
1962 B-Year
suspense B-Genre
classic B-Opinion

robert B-Director
redford I-Director
directed O
ralph B-Actor
fiennes I-Actor
as O
charles B-Character_Name
van I-Character_Name
doren I-Character_Name
in O
this O
1994 B-Year
film O
set O
in O
the O
1950 O
s O

romance B-Genre
movie B-Origin
based O
off O
of O
nicholas B-Origin
sparks I-Origin
novel I-Origin
about O
a O
marine B-Plot
finding I-Plot
the I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
saved I-Plot
him I-Plot

romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
movie O
starring O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor
and O
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
and O
focuses O
on O
a B-Plot
forty I-Plot
year I-Plot
old I-Plot
divorced I-Plot
man I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
daughter I-Plot

romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
with O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
and O
reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
about O
a B-Plot
vet I-Plot
student I-Plot
who I-Plot
joins I-Plot
a I-Plot
circus I-Plot

ron B-Director
shelton I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
sports B-Genre
themed I-Genre
romantic I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starring O
kevin B-Actor
costner I-Actor
and O
susan B-Actor
sarandon I-Actor

rufus B-Character_Name
t I-Character_Name
firefly I-Character_Name
is O
named B-Plot
president I-Plot
dictator I-Plot
of I-Plot
bankrupt I-Plot
freedonia I-Plot
and I-Plot
declares I-Plot
war I-Plot
on I-Plot
neighboring I-Plot
sylvania I-Plot
over I-Plot
the I-Plot
love I-Plot
of I-Plot
wealthy I-Plot
mrs B-Character_Name
teasdale I-Character_Name
is O
the O
plot O
of O
this O
classic B-Opinion
comedy B-Genre
starring O
all O
three O
of O
the O
marx B-Actor
brothers I-Actor

russel B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
starred O
in O
the O
historical B-Genre
epic B-Opinion
in O
rome O
what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O

russell B-Actor
brandt I-Actor
starred O
as O
the O
title O
character O
in O
this O
most O
recent O
adaption O
of O
steve B-Origin
gordon I-Origin
s I-Origin
story I-Origin
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
rich I-Plot
drunken I-Plot
playboy I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
penniless I-Plot
girl I-Plot

russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
drama B-Genre
about O
a O
intelligent B-Plot
man I-Plot
that I-Plot
accepts I-Plot
secret I-Plot
work I-Plot
but I-Plot
his I-Plot
life I-Plot
turns I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
worst I-Plot

ruth B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
and O
bud B-Actor
cort I-Actor
starred O
as O
the O
title O
characters O
in O
this O
1971 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
drama I-Genre

ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
stars O
as O
mysterious B-Plot
hollywood I-Plot
stuntman I-Plot
who I-Plot
finds I-Plot
himself I-Plot
in I-Plot
trouble I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
helps I-Plot
out I-Plot
a I-Plot
neighbor I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre

ryan B-Actor
o I-Actor
neal I-Actor
ca O
n O
t O
seem O
to O
keep O
out O
of O
trouble O
whenever O
barbra B-Actor
streisand I-Actor
is O
around O
in O
this O
1972 B-Year
comedy B-Genre

sam B-Actor
rockwell I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
dog I-Plot
napping I-Plot
scheme I-Plot
that I-Plot
goes I-Plot
wrong I-Plot
when I-Plot
an I-Plot
unstable I-Plot
owner I-Plot
catches I-Plot
wind I-Plot

sam B-Actor
worthington I-Actor
and O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
star O
as O
greek B-Plot
gods I-Plot
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
treacherous I-Plot
underworld I-Plot
rescue I-Plot

samuel B-Actor
l I-Actor
jackson I-Actor
narrates O
this O
2011 B-Year
nature B-Genre
documentary I-Genre
about O
the B-Plot
king I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
jungle I-Plot
raising I-Plot
cubs I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
wild I-Plot

sandra B-Actor
bullock I-Actor
must B-Plot
keep I-Plot
the I-Plot
pedal I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
metal I-Plot
in O
this O
1994 B-Year
suspense B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
co O
starring O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor

sarah B-Actor
jessica I-Actor
parker I-Actor
is O
kate B-Character_Name
reddy I-Character_Name
a B-Plot
finance I-Plot
executive I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
the I-Plot
breadwinner I-Plot
for I-Plot
her I-Plot
husband I-Plot
and I-Plot
two I-Plot
kids I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
allison I-Origin
pearson I-Origin

sean B-Character_Name
anderson I-Character_Name
partners B-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
mom I-Plot
s I-Plot
husband I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
mission I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
his I-Plot
grandfather I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
thought I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
missing I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
mythical I-Plot
location I-Plot
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
adventure B-Genre
starring O
dwayne B-Actor
johnson I-Actor

selena B-Actor
gomez I-Actor
leighton I-Actor
meester I-Actor
and O
katie B-Actor
cassidy I-Actor
starred O
as O
three B-Plot
texas I-Plot
girls I-Plot
in I-Plot
france I-Plot
in O
this O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre

sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
popular B-Opinion
film O
starring O
tiny O
singing O
critters O

sequel B-Relationship
to I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
popular I-Relationship
story I-Relationship
of O
entering B-Plot
a I-Plot
strange I-Plot
world I-Plot
through I-Plot
a I-Plot
wardrobe I-Plot

set O
in O
1825 B-Year
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
is I-Plot
captured I-Plot
by I-Plot
indians I-Plot
but I-Plot
eventually I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
the I-Plot
leader I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
tribe I-Plot

set O
in O
1884 O
sudan O
this O
fifth B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
to O
be O
adapted O
from B-Origin
the I-Origin
a I-Origin
e I-Origin
w I-Origin
mason I-Origin
novel I-Origin
follows B-Plot
a I-Plot
british I-Plot
officer I-Plot
who I-Plot
resigns I-Plot
his I-Plot
post I-Plot
right I-Plot
before I-Plot
his I-Plot
regiment I-Plot
ships I-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
battle I-Plot
the I-Plot
rebels I-Plot

shakespearean B-Origin
comedy B-Genre
staring O
elizabeth B-Actor
taylor I-Actor

show O
me O
the O
classic B-Opinion
love B-Genre
story I-Genre
movie O
starring O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor
where O
the B-Plot
ship I-Plot
tragically I-Plot
sinks I-Plot

show O
me O
the O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
guy I-Plot
who I-Plot
breaks I-Plot
his I-Plot
legs I-Plot
and I-Plot
spies I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
neighbor I-Plot
killing I-Plot
someone I-Plot

sisters B-Plot
tap I-Plot
dance I-Plot
and I-Plot
dream I-Plot
of I-Plot
spending I-Plot
the I-Plot
holidays I-Plot
with I-Plot
cheer I-Plot
and I-Plot
love I-Plot
in O
this O
famous B-Opinion
holiday B-Genre
inspired O
movie O

spencer B-Actor
tracy I-Actor
and O
steve B-Actor
martin I-Actor
have O
both O
shared O
this O
title O
role O
about O
a B-Plot
nervous I-Plot
dad I-Plot
who I-Plot
learns I-Plot
his I-Plot
daughter I-Plot
is I-Plot
getting I-Plot
married I-Plot

stacy B-Actor
keach I-Actor
and O
james B-Actor
keach I-Actor
play O
frank B-Character_Name
and O
jesse B-Character_Name
james I-Character_Name
in O
this O
1980 B-Year
western B-Genre
about O
the O
outlaws B-Plot
and I-Plot
their I-Plot
gang I-Plot

stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
directed O
this O
1968 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
classic B-Opinion
starring O
keir B-Actor
dullea I-Actor
gary I-Actor
lockwood I-Actor
and O
hal B-Actor
the I-Actor
computer I-Actor

star O
trek O
s O
zoe B-Actor
saldana I-Actor
starred O
in O
which O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
film I-Genre
produced O
by O
legendary B-Opinion
action O
director O
luc B-Director
besson I-Director

staring O
jake B-Actor
gyllenhall I-Actor
this O
blockbuster B-Opinion
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
popular I-Origin
video I-Origin
game I-Origin

starring O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor
this O
movie O
has O
an B-Plot
invasion I-Plot
of I-Plot
otherworldly I-Plot
visitors I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
only I-Plot
people I-Plot
to I-Plot
stand I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
way I-Plot
are I-Plot
a I-Plot
posse I-Plot
of I-Plot
cowboys I-Plot
and I-Plot
natives I-Plot

starring O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
steven B-Director
soderbergh I-Director
this O
2011 B-Year
flick O
will B-Plot
make I-Plot
you I-Plot
sick I-Plot

starring O
michael B-Actor
cera I-Actor
this O
was O
a O
2009 B-Year
movie O
where O
he B-Plot
attempted I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
the I-Plot
girl I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
dreams I-Plot
by I-Plot
adopting I-Plot
a I-Plot
completely I-Plot
new I-Plot
persona I-Plot

steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
julianne B-Actor
moore I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
that O
shows B-Plot
how I-Plot
love I-Plot
can I-Plot
vary I-Plot
with I-Plot
age I-Plot

steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
comedy B-Genre
about O
working B-Plot
for I-Plot
employers I-Plot
who I-Plot
celebrate I-Plot
idiot I-Plot
employees I-Plot

steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
animated B-Genre
movie O
about O
a O
lovable B-Plot
villain I-Plot
with I-Plot
thousands I-Plot
of I-Plot
tiny I-Plot
henchmen I-Plot

steve B-Actor
mcqueen I-Actor
stars O
as O
the O
title O
character O
in O
this O
1968 B-Year
action B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
hard I-Plot
nosed I-Plot
cop I-Plot
determined I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
the I-Plot
underworld I-Plot
kingpin I-Plot
that I-Plot
killed I-Plot
the I-Plot
witness I-Plot
in I-Plot
his I-Plot
protection I-Plot

steve B-Actor
mcqueen I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
1963 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
about O
pows B-Plot
escaping I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
german I-Plot
prison I-Plot
camp I-Plot
during I-Plot
wwii I-Plot

steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
directed O
this O
2011 B-Year
drama B-Genre
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
enlists I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
army I-Plot
when I-Plot
his I-Plot
beloved I-Plot
steed I-Plot
is I-Plot
taken I-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
cavalry I-Plot

steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
directed O
this O
oscar B-Award
winning I-Award
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
life I-Plot
and I-Plot
trials I-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
african I-Plot
american I-Plot
woman I-Plot
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
alice I-Origin
walker I-Origin

steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
personally O
screened O
this O
1982 B-Year
film O
at O
the O
white O
house O
for O
ronald O
reagan O
and O
nancy O
davis O

steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
was O
pretty O
much O
unknown O
before O
this O
1975 B-Year
blockbuster B-Opinion
based O
on O
a O
peter B-Origin
benchley I-Origin
novel I-Origin
made B-Plot
us I-Plot
afraid I-Plot
to I-Plot
go I-Plot
swimming I-Plot

stopped O
they O
must O
be O
on O
this O
all O
depends O
only O
a B-Plot
fully I-Plot
trained I-Plot
jedi I-Plot
knight I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
force I-Plot
as I-Plot
his I-Plot
ally I-Plot
will I-Plot
conquer I-Plot
vader B-Character_Name
in O
this O
1980 B-Year
george B-Director
lucas I-Director
sequel B-Relationship

superhero B-Genre
movie I-Genre
where O
team B-Plot
of I-Plot
superheros I-Plot
get I-Plot
together I-Plot
to I-Plot
defeat I-Plot
threats I-Plot
too I-Plot
big I-Plot
for I-Plot
just I-Plot
one I-Plot
hero I-Plot

susan B-Actor
sarandon I-Actor
won B-Award
an I-Award
oscar I-Award
for O
her O
role O
as O
a O
nun B-Plot
who I-Plot
develops I-Plot
a I-Plot
special I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
prisoner I-Plot
in O
this O
drama B-Genre
based O
on O
the B-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
helen I-Origin
prejean I-Origin

tattooine O
is O
the O
home O
planet O
for O
a O
certain O
hero O
in O
this O
famous B-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship
which O
is O
set O
in O
a O
distant O
galaxy O

teenagers B-Plot
hunt I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
futuristic I-Plot
game I-Plot
show I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
amusement I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
rich I-Plot

tell O
me O
about O
that O
1981 B-Year
british B-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
film O
starring O
sean B-Actor
connery I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
cleese I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
terry B-Director
gilliam I-Director

the B-Plot
bellas I-Plot
take I-Plot
on I-Plot
their I-Plot
male I-Plot
rivals I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
campus I-Plot
competition I-Plot
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
musical I-Genre

the O
classic B-Opinion
scene O
between O
burt B-Actor
lancaster I-Actor
and O
deborah B-Actor
kerr I-Actor
in O
the O
rushing O
water O
on O
the O
beach O
was O
a O
last O
minute O
inspiration O
from O
the O
director O
fred B-Director
zinnemann I-Director
in O
this O
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre

the B-Quote
corn I-Quote
is I-Quote
as I-Quote
high I-Quote
as I-Quote
a I-Quote
elephant I-Quote
s I-Quote
eye I-Quote
in O
this O
1955 B-Year
rogers B-Director
and I-Director
hammerstein I-Director
musical B-Genre

the B-Plot
death I-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
american I-Plot
football I-Plot
star I-Plot
turned I-Plot
war I-Plot
hero I-Plot
is O
the O
focus O
of O
this O
documentary B-Genre
by O
amir B-Director
bar I-Director
lev I-Director

the O
debut O
movie O
of O
the O
famous B-Opinion
director O
kevin B-Director
smith I-Director
featuring O
his O
breakout O
characters O
jay B-Character_Name
and O
silent B-Character_Name
bob I-Character_Name

the B-Plot
dying I-Plot
words I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
thief I-Plot
spark I-Plot
a I-Plot
madcap I-Plot
cross I-Plot
country I-Plot
rush I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
some I-Plot
treasure I-Plot
is O
the O
plot O
of O
this O
film O
starring O
spencer B-Actor
tracy I-Actor
and O
milton B-Actor
berle I-Actor

the O
film O
i O
m O
thinking O
of O
is O
a O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starring O
jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor
and O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
as O
a O
couple B-Plot
whose I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
begins I-Plot
to I-Plot
deteriorate I-Plot
the I-Plot
more I-Plot
they I-Plot
put I-Plot
off I-Plot
their I-Plot
wedding I-Plot

the O
first B-Relationship
entry I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
an I-Relationship
eight I-Relationship
part I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
that O
got B-Plot
millions I-Plot
of I-Plot
kids I-Plot
into I-Plot
reading I-Plot

the O
first B-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
in O
which O
clinton B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
plays O
a B-Plot
police I-Plot
officer I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
love I-Plot
for I-Plot
44 I-Plot
magnums I-Plot

the O
first O
movie O
that O
launched O
a O
huge O
movie O
franchise O
based B-Origin
on O
j B-Origin
k I-Origin
rowling I-Origin
s I-Origin
writing I-Origin

the O
last B-Relationship
part I-Relationship
of O
a O
vampire B-Genre
love I-Genre
story O
between O
bella B-Character_Name
and O
edward B-Character_Name

the O
lesson O
of O
this O
disney B-Director
story O
is O
do O
n O
t O
talk O
to O
strangers O
and O
do O
n O
t O
take O
short O
cuts O

the O
main O
character O
in O
this O
classic B-Opinion
film O
is O
known O
to O
frequently O
say O
the O
phrase O
yippee B-Quote
ki I-Quote
yay I-Quote

the O
main O
character O
of O
this O
animated B-Genre
film O
is O
a O
fiery B-Plot
red I-Plot
haired I-Plot
princess I-Plot
who I-Plot
loves I-Plot
archery I-Plot
and I-Plot
has I-Plot
mom I-Plot
issues I-Plot

the O
marx B-Actor
brothers I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
slap B-Genre
stick I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
sly I-Plot
business I-Plot
manager I-Plot
and I-Plot
two I-Plot
wacky I-Plot
friends I-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
singers I-Plot
who I-Plot
help I-Plot
them I-Plot
achieve I-Plot
success I-Plot
while I-Plot
humiliating I-Plot
their I-Plot
stuffy I-Plot
and I-Plot
snobbish I-Plot
enemies I-Plot

the O
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
famed I-Plot
english I-Plot
hero I-Plot
who I-Plot
steals I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
rich I-Plot
and I-Plot
gives I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
poor I-Plot

the O
movie O
about O
the O
high B-Plot
school I-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
lies I-Plot
about I-Plot
a I-Plot
date I-Plot
and I-Plot
losing I-Plot
her I-Plot
virginity I-Plot
she I-Plot
rides I-Plot
off I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
lawnmower I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
guy I-Plot
she I-Plot
likes I-Plot
at I-Plot
the I-Plot
end I-Plot

the O
movie O
adaptation O
of O
a O
high B-Plot
school I-Plot
singing I-Plot
group I-Plot
that I-Plot
brought I-Plot
the I-Plot
fox I-Plot
show I-Plot
into I-Plot
3 I-Plot
dimensions I-Plot

the O
movie O
i O
m O
thinking O
has O
a O
title O
that O
word O
be O
12 O
am O
in O
the O
city O
with O
the O
eiffel O
tower O

the O
movie O
i O
m O
thinking O
of O
has O
a B-Plot
rabbit I-Plot
named I-Plot
thumper B-Character_Name
and B-Plot
a I-Plot
faun I-Plot
that I-Plot
grows I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
female I-Plot
deer I-Plot
who O
the O
movie O
is O
named O
after O

the O
movie O
i O
m O
thinking O
of O
has O
two B-Plot
god I-Plot
brothers I-Plot
and I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
them I-Plot
gets I-Plot
cast I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
kingdom I-Plot
and I-Plot
sent I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot
to I-Plot
live I-Plot
with I-Plot
humans I-Plot

the O
movie O
starring O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor
who O
pretends B-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
a I-Plot
slut I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
more I-Plot
popular I-Plot
at I-Plot
school I-Plot

the O
movie O
where O
marty B-Character_Name
mcfly I-Character_Name
and O
doc B-Character_Name
brown I-Character_Name
go B-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
and I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
marty I-Plot
s I-Plot
mom I-Plot
to I-Plot
marry I-Plot
his I-Plot
dad I-Plot

the O
movie O
where O
two B-Plot
geeks I-Plot
played O
by O
simon B-Actor
pegg I-Actor
and O
nick B-Actor
frost I-Actor
on B-Plot
their I-Plot
way I-Plot
to I-Plot
comic I-Plot
con I-Plot
meet I-Plot
an I-Plot
alien I-Plot

the O
movie O
where O
two B-Plot
irish I-Plot
brothers I-Plot
in I-Plot
boston I-Plot
go I-Plot
to I-Plot
war I-Plot
against I-Plot
he I-Plot
mob I-Plot
and I-Plot
get I-Plot
in I-Plot
over I-Plot
their I-Plot
heads I-Plot

the O
movie O
where O
two B-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
characters I-Plot
have I-Plot
dogs I-Plot
with I-Plot
country I-Plot
singers I-Plot
names I-Plot
one I-Plot
was I-Plot
willie B-Character_Name
nelson I-Character_Name
and B-Plot
the I-Plot
other I-Plot
dolly B-Character_Name
parton I-Character_Name

the O
name O
of O
this O
classic B-Opinion
movie O
is O
the O
same O
as O
the O
now O
famous B-Plot
monster I-Plot
a I-Plot
giant I-Plot
beast I-Plot
that I-Plot
wrecks I-Plot
tokyo I-Plot

the O
origin B-Relationship
story I-Relationship
to I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
about O
people B-Plot
who I-Plot
evolve I-Plot
mutant I-Plot
powers I-Plot
set I-Plot
primarily I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
cuban I-Plot
missile I-Plot
crisis I-Plot

the O
original O
in O
1967 B-Year
starred O
rex B-Actor
harrison I-Actor
and O
the O
remake B-Relationship
of O
this O
movie O
had O
eddie B-Actor
murphy I-Actor
as O
the B-Plot
friend I-Plot
of I-Plot
sic I-Plot
animals I-Plot
everywhere I-Plot

the O
popular B-Opinion
2012 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
trilogy I-Origin
of I-Origin
books I-Origin
about O
a B-Plot
girl I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
bow I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
fight I-Plot
other I-Plot
children I-Plot
for I-Plot
survival I-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
arena I-Plot

the O
producer O
of O
this O
movie O
was O
shaken O
down O
for O
a O
contribution O
to O
the O
campaign O
of O
the O
now O
convicted O
felon O
and O
former O
illinois O
governor O
rod O
blagojevich O

the O
referee O
in O
the O
final O
match O
in O
this O
1984 B-Year
martial B-Genre
arts I-Genre
movie O
starring O
ralph B-Actor
macchio I-Actor
is O
pat B-Actor
e I-Actor
johnson I-Actor
a O
martial O
arts O
expert O
and O
former O
student O
of O
chuck B-Actor
norris I-Actor

the O
script O
was O
originally O
written O
as O
a O
sequel O
to O
l O
on O
the O
professional O
and O
would O
have O
focused O
on O
natalie O
portman O
s O
character O
mathilda O
but O
was O
later O
changed O
to O
star O
a O
main O
character O
with O
south O
american O
background O

the B-Relationship
second I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
franchise I-Relationship
and O
directed O
by O
guy B-Director
ritchie I-Director
it O
follows B-Plot
the I-Plot
adventures I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
detective I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
sidekick I-Plot

the O
second B-Relationship
movie O
in O
a O
popular B-Relationship
fantasy B-Genre
trilogy B-Relationship
this O
film O
introduces O
a O
character O
named O
treebeard B-Character_Name

the O
second O
to O
last O
movie O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot
wizard I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
destroy I-Plot
the I-Plot
most I-Plot
dangerous I-Plot
wizard I-Plot
alive I-Plot

the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
a O
popular O
children B-Genre
s O
movie O
about B-Plot
talking I-Plot
motor I-Plot
vehicle I-Plot

the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
pixar B-Genre
s I-Genre
hit O
movie B-Plot
about O
anthropomorphic B-Plot
cars I-Plot

the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
hit O
super B-Genre
hero I-Genre
film O
starring O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
as O
tony B-Character_Name
stark I-Character_Name

the O
story B-Plot
of I-Plot
avant I-Plot
garde I-Plot
comedian I-Plot
andy B-Character_Name
kaufman I-Character_Name
and B-Plot
his I-Plot
notorious I-Plot
antics I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
stage I-Plot

the O
story O
of O
t B-Character_Name
e I-Character_Name
lawrence I-Character_Name
a B-Plot
flamboyant I-Plot
and I-Plot
controversial I-Plot
british I-Plot
military I-Plot
figure I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
conflicted I-Plot
loyalties I-Plot
during I-Plot
his I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
i I-Plot
service I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
middle I-Plot
east I-Plot
staring O
peter B-Actor
o I-Actor
toole I-Actor

the O
tagline O
for O
the O
final B-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
of O
this O
2010 B-Year
dreamworks B-Director
animation B-Genre
film O
was O
it B-Quote
aint I-Quote
ogre I-Quote
til I-Quote
it I-Quote
s I-Quote
ogre I-Quote

the O
third B-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
of O
the O
horror B-Genre
series B-Relationship
that O
administers B-Plot
disturbing I-Plot
and I-Plot
often I-Plot
lethal I-Plot
tests I-Plot
to I-Plot
unwilling I-Plot
subjects I-Plot

the O
third B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
based B-Origin
off I-Origin
the I-Origin
writings I-Origin
of I-Origin
c I-Origin
s I-Origin
lewis I-Origin
and O
sequel B-Relationship
to I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
lion I-Relationship
witch I-Relationship
and I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
wardrobe I-Relationship

the B-Plot
title I-Plot
character I-Plot
of I-Plot
this I-Plot
movie I-Plot
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
play I-Origin
by I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
is O
driven B-Plot
mad I-Plot
by I-Plot
love I-Plot
and I-Plot
jealousy I-Plot

the O
title O
of O
this O
film O
starring O
jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
contains O
the O
name O
of O
a O
tobacco O
giant O

the O
title O
role O
of O
this O
superhero B-Genre
flick I-Genre
is O
a B-Plot
powerful I-Plot
orphan I-Plot
alien I-Plot
from I-Plot
planet I-Plot
krypton I-Plot
working I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
newspaper I-Plot
reporter I-Plot
on I-Plot
earth I-Plot

the B-Plot
tramp I-Plot
goes I-Plot
the I-Plot
klondike I-Plot
in I-Plot
search I-Plot
of I-Plot
gold I-Plot
and I-Plot
finds I-Plot
it I-Plot
and I-Plot
more I-Plot
in O
this O
1925 B-Year
silent B-Genre
movie I-Genre
that O
was O
written O
directed O
and O
starring O
charlie B-Director
chaplin I-Director

the O
true O
story O
of O
a B-Plot
horse I-Plot
that I-Plot
defied I-Plot
expectations I-Plot
and I-Plot
now I-Plot
works I-Plot
for I-Plot
craig I-Plot
ferguson I-Plot

the O
two O
main O
characters O
in O
this O
movie O
were O
married O
what O
did O
the O
wife O
think O
his O
profession O
was O

the B-Plot
world I-Plot
s I-Plot
most I-Plot
famous I-Plot
detective I-Plot
meets I-Plot
his I-Plot
most I-Plot
dangerous I-Plot
adversary I-Plot
in O
this O
film O
starring O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
and O
jude B-Actor
law I-Actor

there O
was O
a O
british O
version O
of O
this O
movie O
about O
drug B-Plot
smuggling I-Plot
except O
the O
title O
ended O
in O
a O
k O
instead O
of O
a O
c O
what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O

think O
of O
a O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
desert I-Plot
climber I-Plot
driven I-Plot
to I-Plot
amputated I-Plot
his I-Plot
own I-Plot
arm I-Plot
to I-Plot
survive I-Plot

thinking O
of O
a O
1939 B-Year
blockbuster B-Opinion
about O
love B-Plot
and I-Plot
war I-Plot

thinking O
of O
a O
drama B-Genre
set O
in O
1941 B-Year
hawaii O
starring O
burt B-Actor
lancaster I-Actor
and O
deborah B-Actor
kerr I-Actor

third O
series O
of O
animated B-Genre
movie O
that O
focuses O
on O
zoo B-Plot
animals I-Plot
who I-Plot
have I-Plot
escaped I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
nyc I-Plot
zoo I-Plot

this O
1930 B-Year
war B-Genre
drama I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
soldier I-Plot
finding I-Plot
out I-Plot
about I-Plot
the I-Plot
harsh I-Plot
realities I-Plot
of I-Plot
war I-Plot
won O
the O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
picture I-Award
that O
year O

this O
1931 B-Year
monster B-Genre
movie O
became O
a O
classic B-Opinion
and O
defined O
the O
look O
for O
this O
laboratory O
made O
monster O
to O
this O
day O

this O
1932 B-Year
gangster B-Genre
film O
produced O
by O
howard B-Director
hughes I-Director
was O
later O
remade B-Relationship
in I-Relationship
1983 I-Relationship
by O
brian B-Director
de I-Director
palma I-Director

this O
1932 B-Year
mgm B-Director
classic B-Opinion
won O
the O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
for B-Opinion
best B-Award
picture I-Award
and O
featured O
greta B-Actor
garbo I-Actor
speaking O
her O
legendary B-Opinion
line O
but B-Quote
i I-Quote
want I-Quote
to I-Quote
be I-Quote
alone I-Quote

this O
1941 B-Year
drama B-Genre
was O
directed O
by O
and O
starred O
orson B-Director
welles I-Director

this O
1948 B-Year
american B-Genre
film O
written O
by O
john O
huston O
starred O
humphrey B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
as O
the O
character O
dobbs B-Character_Name

this O
1954 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
stars O
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor
as O
a O
dockworker B-Plot
that I-Plot
witnesses I-Plot
a I-Plot
murder I-Plot
orchestrated I-Plot
by I-Plot
corrupt I-Plot
union I-Plot
bosses I-Plot

this O
1954 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starring O
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor
won O
8 B-Award
oscars I-Award
including O
best B-Award
picture I-Award
and O
best B-Award
director I-Award

this O
1959 B-Year
billy B-Director
wilder I-Director
comedy B-Genre
starred O
tony B-Actor
curtis I-Actor
and O
jack B-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
in O
drag O
plus O
marilyn B-Actor
monroe I-Actor
as O
sugar B-Character_Name
kane I-Character_Name

this O
1960 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
is O
a O
black O
and O
white O
hitchcock B-Director
classic B-Opinion
that O
features O
a O
famous O
shower O
murder O
scene O

this O
1962 B-Year
classic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
features O
a B-Plot
little I-Plot
girl I-Plot
named I-Plot
scout B-Character_Name
who B-Plot
lived I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
depression I-Plot
era I-Plot
south I-Plot

this O
1965 B-Year
movie O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
play I-Origin
five I-Origin
kings I-Origin
it O
was O
written B-Origin
by I-Origin
orson I-Origin
welles I-Origin
and O
condensed B-Origin
william I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
s I-Origin
henry I-Origin
iv I-Origin
v I-Origin
vi I-Origin
and I-Origin
richard I-Origin
iii I-Origin
into O
one O
show O

this O
1970 B-Year
film O
stars O
george B-Actor
c I-Actor
scott I-Actor
as O
the B-Plot
titular I-Plot
u I-Plot
s I-Plot
general I-Plot
from I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
2 I-Plot

this O
1973 B-Year
horror B-Genre
classic I-Genre
is O
well O
known O
for O
it O
s O
famous O
360 O
degree O
head O
spin O
scene O

this O
1974 B-Year
film O
by O
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
is O
about O
a O
doctor B-Plot
s I-Plot
grandson I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
assistant I-Plot
igor I-Plot
who I-Plot
decides I-Plot
to I-Plot
repeat I-Plot
his I-Plot
grandfather I-Plot
s I-Plot
experiments I-Plot
with I-Plot
hilariously I-Plot
disastrous I-Plot
results I-Plot

this O
1976 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
was O
written O
by O
and O
stars O
sylvester B-Actor
stallone I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
boxer I-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
heavyweight I-Plot
champion I-Plot

this O
1979 B-Year
vision O
of O
post B-Plot
apocalypse I-Plot
australia I-Plot
stars O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
as O
the O
title O
character O
on B-Plot
his I-Plot
quest I-Plot
for I-Plot
vengeance I-Plot

this O
1980 B-Year
movie O
directed O
by O
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
centers O
on O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
insane I-Plot
from I-Plot
cabin I-Plot
fever I-Plot
while I-Plot
isolated I-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
empty I-Plot
hotel I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot

this O
1982 B-Year
animated B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
don B-Director
bluth I-Director
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
robery I-Origin
c I-Origin
o I-Origin
brien I-Origin

this O
1990 B-Year
film O
starred O
kevin B-Actor
costner I-Actor
as O
a O
civil B-Plot
war I-Plot
soldier I-Plot
and O
won B-Award
numerous I-Award
academy I-Award
awards I-Award

this O
1990 B-Year
s I-Year
animated B-Genre
feature I-Genre
taught O
us O
the O
song O
hakuna B-Soundtrack
matata I-Soundtrack
which O
championed O
a O
down O
to O
earth O
problem O
free O
philosophy O

this O
1991 B-Year
film O
was O
disney B-Director
s O
30 O
th O
animated B-Genre
feature O
it O
was O
also O
the O
third O
most O
successful O
film O
during O
that O
year O

this O
1993 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
tells O
the O
story B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot
whale I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
wanted I-Plot
to I-Plot
set I-Plot
him I-Plot
free I-Plot

this O
1994 B-Year
animated B-Genre
disney B-Director
clsssic B-Opinion
features O
the O
voices O
of O
matthew B-Actor
broderick I-Actor
and O
james B-Actor
earl I-Actor
jones I-Actor

this O
1995 B-Year
animated B-Genre
film O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
pig I-Plot
raised I-Plot
by I-Plot
sheepdogs I-Plot

this O
1997 B-Year
animated B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
hayao B-Director
miyazaki I-Director
helped O
popularize O
anime O
in O
the O
united O
states O

this O
1997 B-Year
blockbuster B-Opinion
revolves O
around O
a O
famous B-Plot
maritime I-Plot
tragedy I-Plot
in I-Plot
which I-Plot
an I-Plot
ocean I-Plot
liner I-Plot
strikes I-Plot
an I-Plot
ice I-Plot
berg I-Plot

this O
1997 B-Year
smash B-Opinion
hit I-Opinion
is O
loosely B-Origin
based I-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
famous I-Origin
cruise I-Origin
ship I-Origin
that I-Origin
sank I-Origin
in I-Origin
1912 I-Origin

this O
1999 B-Year
film O
directed O
by O
larry B-Director
and I-Director
andy I-Director
wachowski I-Director
won O
an O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
film I-Award
editing I-Award

this O
2000 B-Year
foreign B-Genre
film I-Genre
won B-Award
over I-Award
40 I-Award
and O
became O
the O
highest O
grossing O
foreign O
language O
film O
in O
american O
history O

this O
2000 B-Year
historical B-Genre
epic B-Opinion
starring O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
tells O
the O
tale B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
roman I-Plot
general I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
backstabbed I-Plot
and I-Plot
suffers I-Plot
a I-Plot
reversal I-Plot
of I-Plot
fortune I-Plot

this O
2004 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O
stars O
hugh B-Actor
jackman I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
monster I-Plot
hunter I-Plot
sent I-Plot
to I-Plot
transylvania I-Plot

this O
2006 B-Year
period B-Genre
piece I-Genre
starred O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
renowned I-Plot
magician I-Plot
who I-Plot
uses I-Plot
his I-Plot
skills I-Plot
to I-Plot
attain I-Plot
the I-Plot
woman I-Plot
he I-Plot
loves I-Plot

this O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
supernatural I-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
starred O
sprague B-Actor
grayden I-Actor
as O
kristi B-Character_Name
and O
molly B-Actor
ephraim I-Actor
as O
ali B-Character_Name

this O
2010 B-Year
buddy B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
begins O
in O
2010 B-Plot
but O
sends B-Plot
the I-Plot
main I-Plot
characters I-Plot
back I-Plot
to I-Plot
1986 I-Plot
where I-Plot
they I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
up I-Plot
for I-Plot
past I-Plot
mistakes I-Plot

this O
2010 B-Year
drama B-Genre
romance I-Genre
starring O
julia B-Actor
roberts I-Actor
is O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
realizes I-Plot
her I-Plot
life I-Plot
needs I-Plot
a I-Plot
different I-Plot
direction I-Plot

this O
2010 B-Year
film O
stars O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
travels I-Plot
to I-Plot
italy I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
over I-Plot
a I-Plot
break I-Plot
up I-Plot
and I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
meeting I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
played O
by O
angelina B-Actor
jolie I-Actor

this O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
featured O
cameos O
from O
multiple O
nba O
players O
including O
rajon B-Actor
rondon I-Actor
and O
dwight B-Actor
howard I-Actor

this O
2010 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film O
includes O
a B-Plot
dusty I-Plot
run I-Plot
down I-Plot
arcade I-Plot
which I-Plot
is I-Plot
a I-Plot
portal I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
world I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
adventure B-Genre
stars O
asa B-Actor
butterfield I-Actor
trying B-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
secrets I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot
left I-Plot
him I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
film O
starred O
steve B-Actor
martin I-Actor
jack I-Actor
black I-Actor
and O
owen B-Actor
wilson I-Actor
as O
bird O
enthusiasts O

this O
2011 B-Year
film O
stars O
joseph B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
levitt I-Actor
as O
a O
young B-Plot
adult I-Plot
who I-Plot
learns I-Plot
that I-Plot
he I-Plot
has I-Plot
cancer I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
film O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
character I-Origin
whose O
job B-Plot
it I-Plot
is I-Plot
to I-Plot
police I-Plot
the I-Plot
galaxy I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O
stars O
christopher B-Actor
nicholas I-Actor
smith I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
cinematographer I-Plot
who I-Plot
moves I-Plot
in I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
girlfriend I-Plot
only I-Plot
to I-Plot
discover I-Plot
weirdness I-Plot
within I-Plot
her I-Plot
house I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
struggles I-Plot
of I-Plot
black I-Plot
maids I-Plot
working I-Plot
for I-Plot
white I-Plot
families I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
1960 I-Plot
s I-Plot
stars O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor

this O
2011 B-Year
movie O
stars O
seth B-Actor
rogan I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
teams I-Plot
up I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
dad I-Plot
s I-Plot
assistant I-Plot
in I-Plot
order I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
crime I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
was O
written O
by O
and O
stars O
kristen B-Actor
wiig I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
woman I-Plot
whose I-Plot
life I-Plot
begins I-Plot
to I-Plot
unravel I-Plot
as I-Plot
her I-Plot
friend I-Plot
is I-Plot
preparing I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
married I-Plot

this O
2011 B-Year
superhero B-Genre
movie I-Genre
stars O
seth B-Actor
rogen I-Actor
as O
an O
unlikely B-Plot
hero I-Plot
who I-Plot
starts I-Plot
a I-Plot
crime I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
career I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
help I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot
s I-Plot
assistant I-Plot
kato B-Character_Name

this O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
film O
was O
a O
unique O
twist O
on O
an O
old O
fairy B-Origin
tale I-Origin

this O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
is O
about O
a B-Plot
legendary I-Plot
explorer I-Plot
s I-Plot
attempt I-Plot
to I-Plot
prove I-Plot
polynesians I-Plot
settled I-Plot
south I-Plot
america I-Plot

this O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
from O
seth B-Director
macfarlane I-Director
has O
a O
main O
character O
also O
voiced O
by O
macfarlane B-Director
who O
is O
a O
stuffed O
animal O

this O
2012 B-Year
film O
features O
real B-Plot
united I-Plot
states I-Plot
navy I-Plot
seals I-Plot
and I-Plot
their I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
to I-Plot
recover I-Plot
a I-Plot
kidnapped I-Plot
cia I-Plot
agent I-Plot

this O
2012 B-Year
kung B-Genre
fu I-Genre
film I-Genre
was O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
and O
stars O
hip O
hop O
legend O
rza B-Director
as O
a O
man B-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
fight I-Plot
evil I-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
threaten I-Plot
the I-Plot
safety I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
town I-Plot

this O
2012 B-Year
movie O
featured O
three B-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
students I-Plot
that I-Plot
gained I-Plot
powers I-Plot
after I-Plot
entering I-Plot
a I-Plot
cave I-Plot

this O
2012 B-Year
movie O
is O
eye B-Opinion
candy I-Opinion
for O
the O
ladies O
this O
movie O
is O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
male I-Plot
stripper I-Plot

this O
2012 B-Year
movie O
of O
a O
classic B-Genre
dr B-Origin
seuss I-Origin
book I-Origin
is O
about O
a B-Plot
mustached I-Plot
creature I-Plot
that I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
protect I-Plot
the I-Plot
trees I-Plot

this O
2012 B-Year
musical B-Genre
adaptation B-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
classic B-Opinion
novel B-Relationship
is O
directed O
by O
chris B-Director
hooper I-Director
and O
stars O
hugh B-Actor
jackman I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
thief I-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
renounce I-Plot
his I-Plot
old I-Plot
ways I-Plot

this O
942 B-Year
american B-Genre
biographical I-Genre
musical I-Genre
film O
about O
george B-Character_Name
m I-Character_Name
cohan I-Character_Name
known B-Plot
as I-Plot
the I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
owns I-Plot
broadway I-Plot

this O
action B-Genre
film O
features O
aaaron B-Actor
johnson I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
student I-Plot
turned I-Plot
vigilante I-Plot
nicholas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
and O
chloe B-Actor
moretz I-Actor
are O
also O
featured O
as O
big B-Character_Name
daddy I-Character_Name
and O
hit B-Character_Name
girl I-Character_Name

this O
action B-Genre
movie O
follows B-Plot
the I-Plot
actions I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
team I-Plot
of I-Plot
super I-Plot
heroes I-Plot
including O
magneto B-Character_Name

this O
action B-Genre
packed O
sequel B-Relationship
stars O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
as O
a O
robot B-Plot
sent I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
this I-Plot
time I-Plot
to I-Plot
protect I-Plot
young I-Plot
john B-Character_Name
connor I-Character_Name

this O
action B-Genre
packed I-Genre
shooter I-Genre
is O
the O
story O
of O
man B-Plot
whose I-Plot
life I-Plot
is I-Plot
changed I-Plot
by I-Plot
one I-Plot
little I-Plot
pill I-Plot
after I-Plot
taking I-Plot
this I-Plot
pill I-Plot
he I-Plot
is I-Plot
launched I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
world I-Plot
of I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
where I-Plot
reality I-Plot
is I-Plot
not I-Plot
what I-Plot
it I-Plot
seems I-Plot
this O
film O
features O
star O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor

this O
action B-Opinion
packed I-Opinion
futuristic B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
about B-Plot
time I-Plot
travel I-Plot
stars O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
and O
joseph B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
levitt I-Actor
as O
a O
20 O
something O
willis B-Actor

this O
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
a I-Origin
classic I-Origin
novel I-Origin
follows B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
captain I-Plot
ahab I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
catch I-Plot
a I-Plot
white I-Plot
whale I-Plot

this O
akira B-Director
kurosawa I-Director
film O
has O
a B-Plot
rag I-Plot
tag I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
fighters I-Plot
defending I-Plot
a I-Plot
town I-Plot
against I-Plot
many I-Plot
invaders I-Plot

this O
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director
film O
includes B-Plot
a I-Plot
motel I-Plot
manager I-Plot
norman B-Character_Name
bates I-Character_Name
in B-Plot
an I-Plot
infamous I-Plot
shower I-Plot
scene I-Plot

this O
ambitious O
2012 B-Year
film O
from O
the O
wachowski B-Director
siblings I-Director
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
that O
interweaves B-Plot
six I-Plot
different I-Plot
narratives I-Plot
to I-Plot
tell I-Plot
a I-Plot
tale I-Plot
about I-Plot
how I-Plot
all I-Plot
life I-Plot
is I-Plot
connected I-Plot

this O
american B-Genre
film O
features O
single B-Plot
serving I-Plot
friends I-Plot
power I-Plot
animals I-Plot
project I-Plot
mayhem I-Plot
and I-Plot
jack B-Character_Name
s B-Plot
raging I-Plot
bile I-Plot
duct I-Plot

this O
animated B-Genre
film O
follows B-Plot
a I-Plot
fish I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
lost I-Plot
his I-Plot
son I-Plot
and I-Plot
goes I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
him I-Plot
meeting I-Plot
several I-Plot
interesting I-Plot
and I-Plot
celebrity I-Plot
voiced I-Plot
characters I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
way I-Plot

this O
animated B-Genre
film O
is O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
scotland I-Plot
and I-Plot
revolves I-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
with I-Plot
red I-Plot
hair I-Plot
and I-Plot
an I-Plot
independent I-Plot
streak I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
break I-Plot
a I-Plot
curse I-Plot

this O
animated B-Genre
sequel B-Relationship
features O
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
as O
alex B-Character_Name
the I-Character_Name
lion I-Character_Name
and O
his B-Plot
continuing I-Plot
adventures I-Plot
in I-Plot
africa I-Plot

this O
animated B-Genre
short I-Genre
by O
disney B-Director
features O
a B-Plot
lazy I-Plot
student I-Plot
whose I-Plot
attempt I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
the I-Plot
broom I-Plot
to I-Plot
sweep I-Plot
the I-Plot
floor I-Plot
by I-Plot
itself I-Plot
goes I-Plot
horribly I-Plot
awry I-Plot

this O
award B-Award
winning I-Award
david B-Director
o I-Director
russell I-Director
film O
starred O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
christian I-Actor
bale I-Actor
and O
melissa B-Actor
leo I-Actor

this O
black B-Genre
and I-Genre
white I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
directed O
by O
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
stars O
gene B-Actor
wilder I-Actor
and O
peter B-Actor
boyle I-Actor
and O
features O
the O
classic B-Genre
song O
puttin B-Soundtrack
on I-Soundtrack
the I-Soundtrack
ritz I-Soundtrack

this O
blockbuster B-Opinion
action B-Genre
film O
contains O
all O
the O
major O
stars O
such O
as O
sly B-Actor
stallone I-Actor
jet I-Actor
li I-Actor
jason I-Actor
statham I-Actor
and O
many O
more O

this O
children B-Genre
s O
movie O
based O
on O
a O
classic B-Opinion
cartoon B-Genre
stars O
neil B-Actor
patrick I-Actor
harris I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
help I-Plot
strange I-Plot
people I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
foreign I-Plot
land I-Plot
who I-Plot
are I-Plot
being I-Plot
hunted I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
wizard I-Plot

this O
children B-Genre
s I-Genre
movie O
is O
about O
a O
young B-Plot
boy I-Plot
named O
greg B-Character_Name
heffley I-Character_Name
who B-Plot
enters I-Plot
the I-Plot
sixth I-Plot
grade I-Plot
and I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
it I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
school I-Plot
year I-Plot
unscathed I-Plot

this O
children B-Genre
s O
movie O
originally O
starring O
gene B-Actor
wilder I-Actor
was O
remade O
with O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
it O
is O
based O
on O
a O
whimsical B-Opinion
novel B-Origin
by I-Origin
author I-Origin
roald I-Origin
dahl I-Origin

this O
classic B-Opinion
1938 B-Year
warner B-Director
bros I-Director
gangster B-Genre
picture O
stars O
james B-Actor
cagney I-Actor
pat I-Actor
o I-Actor
brien I-Actor
humphrey I-Actor
bogart I-Actor
and O
the O
dead B-Character_Name
end I-Character_Name
kids I-Character_Name

this O
classic B-Opinion
film O
from O
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
stars O
malcolm B-Actor
mcdowell I-Actor
as O
alex B-Character_Name
delarge I-Character_Name
a B-Plot
rebellious I-Plot
youth I-Plot
who I-Plot
wreaks I-Plot
havoc I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
fellow I-Plot
droogs I-Plot

this O
classic O
gangster B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director
shows B-Plot
the I-Plot
inner I-Plot
workings I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
corleone I-Plot
crime I-Plot
family I-Plot

this O
classic O
sequel B-Relationship
features O
a B-Plot
robot I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot
who I-Plot
battles I-Plot
an I-Plot
even I-Plot
more I-Plot
powerful I-Plot
robot I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot

this O
classic B-Origin
shakespearian I-Origin
play I-Origin
is O
updated O
for O
modern O
day O
and O
stars O
ethan B-Actor
hawke I-Actor
and O
bill B-Actor
murray I-Actor

this O
classic B-Genre
silent I-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
from O
1922 B-Year
stars O
max B-Actor
schrek I-Actor
as O
the O
title O
villain O
and O
monster O

this O
comedy B-Genre
action I-Genre
movie O
rebooted O
the O
career O
of O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
who O
played B-Plot
a I-Plot
hitman I-Plot
alongside O
samuel B-Actor
l I-Actor
jackosn I-Actor

this O
comedy B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
from O
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
is O
about O
a B-Plot
small I-Plot
western I-Plot
town I-Plot
that I-Plot
gets I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
african I-Plot
american I-Plot
sheriff I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
classic I-Genre
written O
and O
directed O
by O
mike B-Director
judge I-Director
is O
about O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
unhappy I-Plot
white I-Plot
collar I-Plot
workers I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
features O
anna B-Actor
kendrick I-Actor
and O
brittany B-Actor
snow I-Actor
as O
college B-Plot
students I-Plot
who I-Plot
participate I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
competitive I-Plot
sport I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
capella I-Plot
singing I-Plot
groups I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
film O
inflates B-Plot
the I-Plot
absurd I-Plot
antics I-Plot
of I-Plot
minor I-Plot
characters I-Plot
from I-Plot
hamlet B-Origin
into B-Plot
a I-Plot
real I-Plot
story I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
film O
stars O
eddie B-Actor
murphy I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
discovers I-Plot
he I-Plot
can I-Plot
actually I-Plot
speak I-Plot
to I-Plot
animals I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
film O
stars O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
and O
jason B-Actor
segal I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
who I-Plot
s I-Plot
life I-Plot
struggles I-Plot
keep I-Plot
getting I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
way I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
plans I-Plot
to I-Plot
wed I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
starring O
gene B-Actor
wilder I-Actor
and O
terri B-Actor
garr I-Actor
was O
directed O
by O
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
entirely O
in O
black O
and O
white O

this O
comedy B-Genre
stars O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
begins I-Plot
to I-Plot
help I-Plot
boys I-Plot
seem I-Plot
as I-Plot
if I-Plot
they I-Plot
ve I-Plot
lost I-Plot
their I-Plot
virginity I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
stars O
jason B-Actor
bateman I-Actor
jason I-Actor
sudeikis I-Actor
and O
charlie B-Actor
day I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
of I-Plot
fed I-Plot
up I-Plot
workers I-Plot
who I-Plot
seek I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
on I-Plot
their I-Plot
employers I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
stars O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
as O
a O
man B-Plot
who I-Plot
recruits I-Plot
an I-Plot
idiot I-Plot
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
to B-Plot
come I-Plot
with I-Plot
him I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
company I-Plot
s I-Plot
annual I-Plot
contest I-Plot

this O
comedy B-Genre
stars O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
tina B-Actor
fey I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
who I-Plot
take I-Plot
another I-Plot
person I-Plot
s I-Plot
reservation I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
restaurant I-Plot
and I-Plot
it I-Plot
leads I-Plot
to I-Plot
their I-Plot
night I-Plot
taking I-Plot
a I-Plot
wild I-Plot
turn I-Plot

this O
computer B-Genre
animated I-Genre
film O
stars O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
a O
timid B-Plot
chameleon I-Plot
who I-Plot
finds I-Plot
courage I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
desert I-Plot

this O
computer B-Genre
animated I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
the O
voice O
of O
steve B-Actor
carrell I-Actor
as O
the O
villainous O
but O
likeable O
gru B-Character_Name

this O
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
has O
a O
lot O
of O
action O
in O
it O
when O
a B-Plot
cia I-Plot
special I-Plot
forces I-Plot
team I-Plot
are I-Plot
betrayed I-Plot
and I-Plot
left I-Plot
for I-Plot
dead I-Plot
by I-Plot
their I-Plot
superiors I-Plot
which O
was O
directed O
by O
sylvain B-Director
white I-Director
and O
released O
in O
2010 B-Year

this O
crime B-Genre
film I-Genre
from O
martin B-Director
scorcese I-Director
is O
about B-Plot
two I-Plot
men I-Plot
one I-Plot
a I-Plot
cop I-Plot
that I-Plot
goes I-Plot
undercover I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
gang I-Plot
the I-Plot
other I-Plot
a I-Plot
member I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
gang I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
undercover I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
cop I-Plot

this O
crime B-Genre
film O
starring O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
matt I-Actor
damon I-Actor
leonardo I-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
and O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
is O
a O
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
winner I-Award

this O
disney B-Director
animated B-Genre
film I-Genre
features O
the O
voice O
of O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
as O
the O
titular B-Plot
dog I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
a I-Plot
tv I-Plot
superhero I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
thrown I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
real I-Plot
life I-Plot
superhero I-Plot
situation I-Plot

this O
disney B-Origin
film O
follows O
the B-Plot
adventures I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
dog I-Plot
who I-Plot
befriends I-Plot
a I-Plot
family I-Plot
but I-Plot
then I-Plot
suffers I-Plot
tragically I-Plot

this O
disney B-Genre
film I-Genre
was O
a O
long B-Opinion
awaited I-Opinion
sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
starring O
jeff B-Actor
bridges I-Actor
in O
the B-Plot
world I-Plot
of I-Plot
living I-Plot
computer I-Plot
programs I-Plot

this O
disney B-Director
movie O
is O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
orleans I-Plot
and O
is O
based B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
classic B-Origin
story I-Origin
with B-Plot
a I-Plot
twist I-Plot

this O
disney B-Director
princess B-Plot
pricks I-Plot
her I-Plot
finger I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
spinning I-Plot
wheel I-Plot
needle I-Plot
and I-Plot
sends I-Plot
the I-Plot
entire I-Plot
kingdom I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
deep I-Plot
slumber I-Plot
until I-Plot
her I-Plot
prince I-Plot
arrives I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
kiss I-Plot
to I-Plot
wake I-Plot
her I-Plot

this O
disney B-Director
pixar I-Director
flim O
tells O
the O
story B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
lonely I-Plot
trash I-Plot
collector I-Plot
robot I-Plot
that I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
finding I-Plot
true I-Plot
love I-Plot

this O
early B-Year
90 I-Year
s I-Year
classic B-Opinion
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
fabled I-Plot
worst I-Plot
director I-Plot
of I-Plot
all I-Plot
time I-Plot
what O
is O
the O
title O

this O
famous B-Genre
musical I-Genre
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot
where I-Plot
two I-Plot
teenage I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
struggle I-Plot
for I-Plot
control I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
neighborhood I-Plot

this O
fantasy B-Genre
movie O
involves O
sticking B-Plot
a I-Plot
club I-Plot
up I-Plot
a I-Plot
troll I-Plot
s I-Plot
nose I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
mirror I-Plot
who I-Plot
shows I-Plot
viewers I-Plot
what I-Plot
they I-Plot
want I-Plot
most I-Plot

this O
female O
driven O
buddy B-Genre
film O
stars O
susan B-Actor
sarandon I-Actor
and O
geena B-Actor
davis I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
pair I-Plot
of I-Plot
women I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
run I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
law I-Plot

this O
film O
based O
off O
the O
book B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
stars O
julia B-Actor
roberts I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
recently I-Plot
divorced I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
soul I-Plot
searching I-Plot
adventure I-Plot
across I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot

this O
film O
brought B-Plot
the I-Plot
holocaust I-Plot
to I-Plot
life I-Plot
as I-Plot
it I-Plot
showed I-Plot
the I-Plot
horrors I-Plot
of I-Plot
war I-Plot
time I-Plot

this O
film O
celebrated O
the B-Plot
famed I-Plot
1980 I-Plot
u I-Plot
s I-Plot
hockey I-Plot
team I-Plot
and I-Plot
their I-Plot
victory I-Plot
over I-Plot
the I-Plot
soviet I-Plot
union I-Plot

this O
film O
directed O
by O
ben B-Director
affleck I-Director
tells O
the O
story O
of O
a O
band B-Plot
of I-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
go I-Plot
through I-Plot
boston I-Plot
with I-Plot
just I-Plot
their I-Plot
guns I-Plot
and I-Plot
their I-Plot
skills I-Plot
robbing I-Plot
banks I-Plot
and I-Plot
armored I-Plot
vehicles I-Plot
and I-Plot
not I-Plot
letting I-Plot
anything I-Plot
get I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
way I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
until I-Plot
they I-Plot
take I-Plot
a I-Plot
hostage I-Plot

this O
film O
directed O
by O
david B-Director
fincher I-Director
stars O
jesse B-Actor
eisenberg I-Actor
as O
the O
young B-Plot
man I-Plot
that I-Plot
founds I-Plot
facebook I-Plot
and I-Plot
how I-Plot
that I-Plot
event I-Plot
dissolves I-Plot
his I-Plot
closest I-Plot
friendship I-Plot

this O
film O
features O
a B-Plot
failed I-Plot
bank I-Plot
heist I-Plot
from O
a O
colorful O
cast O
of O
characters O
but O
does O
n O
t O
actually O
show O
the O
heist O
itself O

this O
film O
features O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
kevin I-Actor
james I-Actor
chris I-Actor
rock I-Actor
and O
others O
as O
childhood B-Plot
friends I-Plot
who I-Plot
now I-Plot
have I-Plot
kids I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
own I-Plot
and I-Plot
must I-Plot
face I-Plot
the I-Plot
difficulties I-Plot
of I-Plot
adulthood I-Plot

this O
film O
features O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
warrior I-Plot
who I-Plot
sets I-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
avenge I-Plot
his I-Plot
slain I-Plot
parents I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
tribe I-Plot

this O
film O
looks O
at O
paranormal B-Plot
happenings I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
former I-Plot
soviet I-Plot
republic I-Plot

this O
film O
of O
two B-Plot
best I-Plot
friends I-Plot
since I-Plot
childhood I-Plot
did I-Plot
everything I-Plot
together I-Plot
and I-Plot
considered I-Plot
themselves I-Plot
thunder I-Plot
buddies I-Plot

this O
film O
showed O
a O
more O
feminine O
side O
of O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
who O
played B-Plot
himself I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
twin I-Plot
sister I-Plot

this O
film O
stars O
cary B-Actor
elwes I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
farm I-Plot
boy I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
the I-Plot
prince I-Plot
has I-Plot
chosen I-Plot
to I-Plot
marry I-Plot
through I-Plot
magic I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
help I-Plot
a I-Plot
giant I-Plot
and I-Plot
sword I-Plot
wielding I-Plot
companion I-Plot
he I-Plot
must I-Plot
save I-Plot
his I-Plot
love I-Plot

this O
film O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
paris I-Plot
and I-Plot
revolves I-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
s I-Plot
delema I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
a I-Plot
crime I-Plot
ring I-Plot
s I-Plot
head I-Plot
honcho I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
hospital I-Plot
and I-Plot
save I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
from I-Plot
these I-Plot
criminals I-Plot

this O
finale B-Relationship
finally O
tells B-Plot
the I-Plot
true I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
potions I-Plot
professor I-Plot
who I-Plot
apparently I-Plot
despises I-Plot
the I-Plot
protagonist I-Plot

this O
fun O
bird O
watching O
comedy B-Genre
from O
2011 B-Year
stars O
jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
owen I-Actor
wilson I-Actor
and O
steve B-Actor
martin I-Actor

this O
genre O
mashing O
action B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
jon B-Director
favreau I-Director
stars O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor
and O
harrison B-Actor
ford I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
of I-Plot
rough I-Plot
westerners I-Plot
who I-Plot
do I-Plot
battle I-Plot
with I-Plot
some I-Plot
unworldly I-Plot
creatures I-Plot

this O
gritty O
superhero B-Genre
film I-Genre
directed O
by O
christopher B-Director
nolan I-Director
stars O
heath B-Actor
ledger I-Actor
as O
its B-Plot
insane O
villain O
in O
his O
final O
role O

this O
heady B-Opinion
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film O
reunited O
star O
joseph B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
levitt I-Actor
and O
director O
rian B-Director
craig I-Director
johnson I-Director

this O
hilary B-Actor
swank I-Actor
film O
features O
her O
as O
a B-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
works I-Plot
her I-Plot
way I-Plot
through I-Plot
law I-Plot
school I-Plot
to I-Plot
represent I-Plot
her I-Plot
wrongly I-Plot
accused I-Plot
brother I-Plot

this O
historical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
stars O
jamie B-Actor
foxx I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
rescue I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
horrors I-Plot
of I-Plot
slavery I-Plot

this O
hit B-Opinion
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
country I-Plot
club I-Plot
golf I-Plot
course I-Plot
stars O
chevy B-Actor
chase I-Actor
rodney I-Actor
dangerfield I-Actor
and O
bill B-Actor
murray I-Actor

this O
holiday B-Genre
classic I-Genre
involves B-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
changes I-Plot
his I-Plot
ways I-Plot
after I-Plot
he I-Plot
is I-Plot
visited I-Plot
by I-Plot
ghosts I-Plot
on I-Plot
christmas I-Plot
eve I-Plot

this O
horror B-Genre
is O
the O
exact B-Relationship
middle I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
featuring B-Plot
a I-Plot
deplorable I-Plot
puppet I-Plot

this O
horror B-Genre
movie O
features O
one O
of O
the O
most B-Opinion
famous I-Opinion
villains B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
genre I-Plot
who I-Plot
kills I-Plot
victims I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
nightmares I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
signature I-Plot
bladed I-Plot
hands I-Plot

this O
horror B-Genre
movie O
takes O
place O
at O
a O
summer O
camp O
and B-Plot
spawned O
a O
series O
of O
movies O
about O
a O
gruesome O
killed O
named O
jason B-Character_Name

this O
iconic O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
space I-Genre
opera I-Genre
features O
one O
of O
the O
main O
characters O
being B-Plot
frozen I-Plot
in I-Plot
carbonite I-Plot

this O
is O
a O
comedy B-Genre
action I-Genre
film O
about O
a B-Plot
superhero I-Plot
dressed I-Plot
in I-Plot
green I-Plot
who I-Plot
enlists I-Plot
his I-Plot
dead I-Plot
father I-Plot
s I-Plot
assistant I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
crime I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
team I-Plot

this O
is O
a O
movie O
from O
the O
40 B-Year
s I-Year
that O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
morocco I-Plot
with O
humphry B-Actor
bogart I-Actor

this O
is O
a O
movie O
that O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
bride I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
two I-Plot
friends I-Plot
that I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
along I-Plot
only I-Plot
because I-Plot
the I-Plot
bride I-Plot
wants I-Plot
them I-Plot
too I-Plot

this O
is O
a O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
escapes I-Plot
to I-Plot
another I-Plot
world I-Plot
and O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
played O
a O
crazy B-Plot
character I-Plot
with I-Plot
orange I-Plot
hair I-Plot
in O
this O
movie O

this O
is O
a O
movie O
where O
nicholas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
plays O
a O
character O
who O
is O
mistaken B-Plot
by I-Plot
extensive I-Plot
surgery I-Plot
for O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor

this O
is O
a O
rom B-Genre
com I-Genre
where O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
is O
being B-Plot
pursued I-Plot
by I-Plot
her I-Plot
boyfriend I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
a I-Plot
law I-Plot
enforcement I-Plot
agent I-Plot

this O
is B-Opinion
one I-Opinion
of I-Opinion
the I-Opinion
most I-Opinion
famous I-Opinion
kung B-Genre
fu I-Genre
movies B-Plot
of I-Plot
all I-Plot
time I-Plot
about O
two B-Plot
warriors I-Plot
in I-Plot
pursuit I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
stolen I-Plot
sword I-Plot

this O
is O
the O
fifth B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
of O
films O
that O
focus B-Plot
on I-Plot
illegal I-Plot
street I-Plot
racing I-Plot

this O
is O
the O
first B-Relationship
part I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
epic I-Relationship
conclusion I-Relationship
to I-Relationship
an I-Relationship
8 I-Relationship
part I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot
wizard I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
the I-Plot
forces I-Plot
of I-Plot
evil I-Plot

this O
is O
the O
fourth B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in O
a O
franchise O
starring O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
captain B-Character_Name
jack I-Character_Name
sparrow I-Character_Name
trying B-Plot
to I-Plot
navigate I-Plot
the I-Plot
seas I-Plot
during I-Plot
his I-Plot
encounters I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
supernatural I-Plot

this O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
made O
tim B-Director
burton I-Director
famous O
and O
put O
and O
combined B-Plot
two I-Plot
famous I-Plot
holidays I-Plot

this O
is O
the O
movie O
version O
of O
the O
fourth B-Origin
book I-Origin
in I-Origin
a I-Origin
children I-Origin
s I-Origin
series I-Origin
that O
features O
2 B-Plot
of I-Plot
4 I-Plot
kids I-Plot
that I-Plot
went I-Plot
through I-Plot
a I-Plot
magical I-Plot
wardrobe I-Plot

this O
james B-Character_Name
bond I-Character_Name
film O
starring O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor
features O
a B-Soundtrack
theme I-Soundtrack
song I-Soundtrack
by I-Soundtrack
adele I-Soundtrack

this O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
film O
includes B-Plot
blue I-Plot
skinned I-Plot
humanoids I-Plot
and O
was O
one O
of O
the O
highest O
grossing O
films O
of O
all O
time O

this O
japanese B-Genre
anime I-Genre
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
shattered I-Plot
neo I-Plot
tokyo I-Plot
includes I-Plot
several I-Plot
old I-Plot
children I-Plot
who I-Plot
battle I-Plot
with I-Plot
telekinesis I-Plot
and I-Plot
telepathy I-Plot

this O
marvel B-Origin
superhero B-Genre
film O
assembles O
captain B-Character_Name
america I-Character_Name
iron I-Character_Name
man I-Character_Name
thor I-Character_Name
and O
the B-Character_Name
hulk I-Character_Name
to O
battle B-Plot
an I-Plot
evil I-Plot
being I-Plot
named O
loki B-Character_Name

this O
marvel O
superhero B-Genre
film O
stars O
chris B-Actor
hemsworth I-Actor
as O
the O
titular B-Plot
character I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
banished I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
own I-Plot
world I-Plot
and I-Plot
forced I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot

this O
mel B-Director
brook I-Director
s I-Director
classic B-Opinion
takes O
place O
in O
the B-Plot
wild I-Plot
west I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot
is I-Plot
in I-Plot
chaos I-Plot
after I-Plot
a I-Plot
black I-Plot
sheriff I-Plot
comes I-Plot
town I-Plot

this O
modern B-Genre
batman I-Genre
film I-Genre
pits B-Plot
batman B-Character_Name
against B-Plot
bane B-Character_Name
and B-Plot
catwoman B-Character_Name
in B-Plot
a I-Plot
besieged I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot

this O
modern B-Genre
crime I-Genre
film O
features O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
bumbling I-Plot
crook I-Plot
caught I-Plot
up I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
mystery I-Plot
alongside O
val B-Actor
kilmer I-Actor
as O
private O
investigator O
gay B-Character_Name
perry I-Character_Name

this O
modern B-Opinion
twist I-Opinion
on O
the O
superhero B-Genre
genre O
is O
a O
found B-Genre
footage I-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
teenagers I-Plot
who I-Plot
accidentally I-Plot
gain I-Plot
superpowers I-Plot

this O
modern B-Relationship
version I-Relationship
of O
an O
80 B-Year
s I-Year
classic B-Opinion
features O
an O
old O
jeff B-Actor
bridges I-Actor
and O
a O
well O
animated O
young O
jeff O
bridges O

this O
movie O
about O
aliens B-Plot
starring O
keanu B-Actor
reaves I-Actor
is O
a O
remake B-Relationship
of I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
1951 I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
which O
is O
it O

this O
movie O
about O
an B-Plot
alien I-Plot
invasion I-Plot
on I-Plot
planet I-Plot
earth I-Plot
in I-Plot
which I-Plot
naval I-Plot
battles I-Plot
decide I-Plot
the I-Plot
fate I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
planet I-Plot
this O
film O
features O
stars O
such O
as O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
and O
rihanna B-Actor

this O
movie O
about O
gold B-Plot
prospectors I-Plot
in I-Plot
mexico I-Plot
is O
often O
considered O
one O
of O
humphry B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
s O
best B-Opinion
works I-Opinion

this B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
and I-Relationship
its I-Relationship
sequels I-Relationship
feature O
the O
voice O
of O
mike B-Actor
myers I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
lovable I-Plot
ogre I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
annoying I-Plot
donkey I-Plot
companion I-Plot

this O
movie O
based O
in O
part O
on O
a O
true O
story O
stars O
aziz B-Actor
ansari I-Actor
and O
jesse B-Actor
eisenberg I-Actor

this O
movie O
based O
on O
a O
famous B-Opinion
j B-Origin
r I-Origin
r I-Origin
tolkein I-Origin
book I-Origin
is O
the B-Relationship
first I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
film I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship
featuring O
hobbits O
orcs O
and O
elves O

this O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
nicholas I-Origin
sparks I-Origin
tells O
the O
story B-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
lovers I-Plot
separated I-Plot
by I-Plot
war I-Plot
and I-Plot
other I-Plot
various I-Plot
social I-Plot
obstacles I-Plot

this O
movie O
features O
a B-Plot
boat I-Plot
who I-Plot
was I-Plot
commonly I-Plot
thought I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
too I-Plot
large I-Plot
to I-Plot
sink I-Plot
but I-Plot
still I-Plot
did I-Plot

this O
movie O
features O
jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
in O
an O
animated B-Genre
feature O
about O
a B-Plot
panda I-Plot
bear I-Plot
that I-Plot
goes I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
destiny I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
of I-Plot
martial I-Plot
arts I-Plot

this O
movie O
features O
michael B-Actor
broderick I-Actor
and O
is O
about O
two B-Plot
broadway I-Plot
professionals I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
produce I-Plot
the I-Plot
biggest I-Plot
flop I-Plot
ever I-Plot

this O
movie O
features O
scientifically B-Opinion
inaccurate I-Opinion
but I-Opinion
scary I-Opinion
and I-Opinion
intense I-Opinion
recreations B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
past I-Plot
extinct I-Plot
species I-Plot

this O
movie O
from O
dreamworks B-Director
animation B-Genre
stars O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
finds I-Plot
a I-Plot
creature I-Plot
and I-Plot
befriends I-Plot
it I-Plot

this O
movie O
from O
the O
90 B-Year
s I-Year
stars O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
and O
clare B-Actor
danes I-Actor
in O
a O
remake B-Relationship
of O
a O
shakespearean B-Origin
play I-Origin

this O
movie O
had O
a O
very O
well O
known O
cast B-Opinion
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
police I-Plot
force I-Plot
with O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
and O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
being O
just O
2 O
of O
the O
big O
stars O
alot B-Director
of I-Director
foul I-Director
language I-Director
in O
the O
movie O

this O
movie O
has O
a O
famous O
quote O
where O
an B-Plot
alien I-Plot
needs I-Plot
to I-Plot
phone I-Plot
home I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
glowing I-Plot
finger I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
a O
comic B-Origin
book I-Origin
adaptation I-Origin
of O
one B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
first I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
heroes I-Origin
set O
mainly O
during B-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
2 I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
a O
one O
word O
three O
letter O
title O
that O
is O
the O
first O
word O
of O
the O
river O
bordering B-Plot
texas I-Plot
and I-Plot
mexico I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
a O
sequel B-Relationship
directed O
by O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
and O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
on I-Plot
another I-Plot
planet I-Plot
full I-Plot
of I-Plot
evil I-Plot
creatures I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
about O
a O
civil B-Plot
war I-Plot
veteran I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
transported I-Plot
off I-Plot
earth I-Plot
to I-Plot
another I-Plot
planet I-Plot
where I-Plot
he I-Plot
is I-Plot
found I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
superhuman I-Plot
abilities I-Plot
based I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
reduced I-Plot
gravity I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
superheroes I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
come I-Plot
together I-Plot
in I-Plot
order I-Plot
to I-Plot
help I-Plot
save I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
from I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
hereo I-Plot
s I-Plot
brother I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
about O
a O
lone B-Plot
avatar I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
the I-Plot
power I-Plot
to I-Plot
manipulate I-Plot
all I-Plot
four I-Plot
elements I-Plot
he I-Plot
teams I-Plot
up I-Plot
with I-Plot
katara B-Character_Name
who B-Plot
is I-Plot
a I-Plot
waterbender I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
tired I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
mundane I-Plot
life I-Plot
and I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
a I-Plot
way I-Plot
to I-Plot
break I-Plot
out I-Plot
only I-Plot
to I-Plot
discover I-Plot
his I-Plot
life I-Plot
is I-Plot
not I-Plot
real I-Plot
and I-Plot
once I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
real I-Plot
world I-Plot
that I-Plot
he I-Plot
may I-Plot
be I-Plot
the I-Plot
savior I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
has I-Plot
been I-Plot
expecting I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
tiny I-Plot
clownfish I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
lost I-Plot
after I-Plot
disobeying I-Plot
his I-Plot
overprotective I-Plot
father I-Plot

this O
movie O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
actual I-Origin
events I-Origin
where O
a O
young B-Plot
girl I-Plot
is I-Plot
involved I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
shark I-Plot
attack I-Plot

this O
movie O
made O
spinning B-Plot
heads I-Plot
pea I-Plot
soup I-Plot
vomit I-Plot
and O
linda B-Actor
blair I-Actor
common O
household O
conversation O
starters O

this O
movie O
on O
my O
mind O
is O
a O
spoof B-Relationship
of B-Plot
the I-Plot
vampire I-Plot
love I-Plot
story I-Plot
genre I-Plot
type I-Plot
movies I-Plot

this O
movie O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
violence I-Plot
and I-Plot
drug I-Plot
ridden I-Plot
brazil I-Plot
slum I-Plot
tells I-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot
s I-Plot
development I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
photojournalist I-Plot

this O
movie O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
alternate I-Plot
future I-Plot
pairs I-Plot
different I-Plot
districts I-Plot
against I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
fight I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
death I-Plot

this O
movie O
starring O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
and O
heath B-Actor
ledger I-Actor
as O
brothers B-Plot
puts I-Plot
an I-Plot
interesting I-Plot
twist I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
fables I-Plot
of I-Plot
old I-Plot

this O
movie O
stars O
cary B-Actor
elwes I-Actor
as O
westley B-Character_Name
or O
could O
it O
be O
the O
dread O
pirate O
roberts B-Character_Name

this O
noir B-Genre
film O
was O
directed O
by O
roman B-Director
polanski I-Director
and O
featured O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
as O
a O
private O
investigator O

this O
pixar B-Director
film O
features O
and B-Plot
old I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
attaches I-Plot
thousands I-Plot
of I-Plot
balloons I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
house I-Plot

this O
popular B-Opinion
1984 B-Year
children B-Genre
s I-Genre
film O
starred O
ralph B-Actor
macchio I-Actor
and O
popularized O
the O
phrase O
sweep B-Quote
the I-Quote
leg I-Quote

this O
reboot B-Relationship
of O
a O
classic B-Opinion
comicbook O
group O
features O
the O
younger B-Plot
versions I-Plot
of I-Plot
mutants I-Plot
including O
james B-Actor
mcavoy I-Actor

this O
recent O
thriller B-Genre
portrays O
a O
blonde B-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot
trained I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
wilderness I-Plot
by I-Plot
her I-Plot
father I-Plot

this O
remake B-Relationship
of O
a O
1984 B-Relationship
film O
starred O
chris B-Actor
hemsworth I-Actor
and O
josh B-Actor
hutcherson I-Actor
as O
young B-Plot
adults I-Plot
in I-Plot
modern I-Plot
america I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
for I-Plot
their I-Plot
freedom I-Plot

this O
road B-Genre
trip I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
and O
zach B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
as O
an O
unlikely B-Plot
pair I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
across I-Plot
the I-Plot
country I-Plot

this O
rockumentary B-Genre
from O
director O
rob B-Director
reiner I-Director
chronicles O
the O
misadventures B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
fictional I-Plot
heavy I-Plot
metal I-Plot
band I-Plot
turn I-Plot
it I-Plot
up I-Plot
to I-Plot
11 I-Plot

this O
romance B-Genre
film O
stars O
julia B-Actor
roberts I-Actor
as O
a O
woman B-Plot
traveling I-Plot
around I-Plot
europe I-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
attempt I-Plot
to I-Plot
improve I-Plot
her I-Plot
life I-Plot

this O
romance B-Genre
starring O
christopher B-Actor
reeve I-Actor
was O
made B-Origin
and I-Origin
released I-Origin
about I-Origin
five I-Origin
years I-Origin
after I-Origin
its I-Origin
source I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
richard I-Origin
matheson I-Origin
was I-Origin
first I-Origin
published I-Origin
in I-Origin
1975 I-Origin

this O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
stars O
ashton B-Actor
kutcher I-Actor
and O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
friends I-Plot
who I-Plot
decide I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
casual I-Plot
sex I-Plot
with I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot

this O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
stars O
jake B-Actor
gyllenhaal I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
sells I-Plot
medicine I-Plot
and I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot

this O
romantic B-Genre
tragedy I-Genre
film O
stars O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor
as O
lovers B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
sinking I-Plot
ship I-Plot

this O
russel B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
drama B-Genre
follows O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
mathematician I-Plot
whose I-Plot
life I-Plot
is I-Plot
destroyed I-Plot
by I-Plot
paranoid I-Plot
schizophrenia I-Plot

this O
scary B-Genre
movie O
is O
named B-Plot
about I-Plot
a I-Plot
street I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
horrible I-Plot
things I-Plot
that I-Plot
happen I-Plot
when I-Plot
you I-Plot
have I-Plot
a I-Plot
bad I-Plot
dream I-Plot

this O
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
hit B-Opinion
stars O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
as O
the B-Plot
one I-Plot
who I-Plot
will I-Plot
save I-Plot
humanity I-Plot
from I-Plot
their I-Plot
enslavement I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
machines I-Plot

this O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
phillip I-Origin
k I-Origin
dick I-Origin
s I-Origin
do I-Origin
androids I-Origin
dream I-Origin
of I-Origin
electric I-Origin
sheep I-Origin

this O
shield B-Plot
bearing I-Plot
super I-Plot
soldier I-Plot
superhero I-Plot
must I-Plot
fight I-Plot
off I-Plot
the I-Plot
cobwebs I-Plot
of I-Plot
time I-Plot
to I-Plot
defend I-Plot
american I-Plot
ideals I-Plot

this O
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
classic B-Opinion
includes O
a B-Plot
black I-Plot
obelisk I-Plot
that I-Plot
accelerates I-Plot
the I-Plot
evolution I-Plot
of I-Plot
apes I-Plot
into I-Plot
humans I-Plot

this O
stop B-Genre
motion I-Genre
animated I-Genre
feature O
directed O
by O
henry B-Director
selick I-Director
shows O
the O
adventures O
of O
jack B-Character_Name
skellington I-Character_Name
who B-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
spread I-Plot
the I-Plot
magic I-Plot
of I-Plot
christmas I-Plot

this O
summer B-Genre
love I-Genre
story I-Genre
not O
only O
brought O
their O
characters O
together O
in O
the O
movie O
but O
also O
brought O
miley B-Actor
cirus I-Actor
and O
liam B-Actor
hemsworth I-Actor
together O
in O
real O
life O

this O
surreal B-Opinion
romp O
from O
1967 B-Year
stars O
the O
beatles B-Character_Name
and O
features B-Plot
some I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
famous I-Plot
hit I-Plot
songs I-Plot

this O
suspense B-Genre
film O
starred O
amanda B-Actor
seyfried I-Actor
as O
a O
young B-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
escaped I-Plot
a I-Plot
murderer I-Plot
and I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
him I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
her I-Plot
sister I-Plot

this O
time B-Genre
travel I-Genre
movie I-Genre
features O
a B-Plot
hit I-Plot
man I-Plot
joseph B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
levitt I-Actor
meeting B-Plot
his I-Plot
future I-Plot
self I-Plot
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor

this O
tragedy B-Genre
written B-Origin
by I-Origin
william I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
centers O
on O
the B-Plot
prince I-Plot
of I-Plot
denmark I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
driven I-Plot
mad I-Plot
by I-Plot
his I-Plot
own I-Plot
desire I-Plot
for I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
against I-Plot
his I-Plot
murderous I-Plot
uncle I-Plot

this O
was O
daniel B-Actor
radcliffe I-Actor
s O
first O
outing O
as O
the B-Plot
boy I-Plot
wizard I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
famous I-Plot
children I-Plot
s I-Plot
book I-Plot
series I-Plot

this O
was O
the O
first O
animated B-Genre
feature O
directed O
by O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
and O
it O
starred O
the O
voices O
of O
jamie B-Actor
bell I-Actor
and O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor

this O
was O
the O
first O
movie O
produced O
by O
pixar B-Director
to O
be O
rated O
below B-Director
50 I-Director
percent I-Director
on O
the O
popular B-Opinion
movie O
review O
site O
rotten O
tomatoes O

this O
was O
the O
movie O
that O
macaulay B-Actor
culkin I-Actor
was O
watching O
in O
the O
scene O
in O
home O
alone O
when O
the O
pizza O
boy O
arrived O

this O
zombie B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
directed O
by O
george B-Director
a I-Director
romero I-Director
set O
the O
stage O
for O
the O
modern B-Plot
zombie I-Plot
movie I-Plot
scene I-Plot
and O
is O
considered O
to O
be O
one O
of O
the O
greatest B-Opinion
horror B-Genre
movies O
of O
all O
time O

three O
cast O
members O
of O
this O
2010 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
kristin B-Actor
chenoweth I-Actor
cloris I-Actor
leachman I-Actor
and O
meagan B-Actor
holder I-Actor
were O
members B-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
gamma I-Plot
phi I-Plot
beta I-Plot
sorority I-Plot

tim B-Director
burton I-Director
used O
stop B-Genre
motion I-Genre
animation I-Genre
to O
tell O
the O
story O
of O
jack B-Character_Name
skellington I-Character_Name
in O
what O
1993 B-Year
disney B-Director
movie O

tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor
and O
cameron B-Actor
diaz I-Actor
star O
in O
this O
action B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
about O
a B-Plot
girl I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
help I-Plot
a I-Plot
spy I-Plot
clear I-Plot
his I-Plot
name I-Plot

tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor
plays O
an B-Plot
ex I-Plot
military I-Plot
investigator I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
contacted I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
was I-Plot
framed I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
murder I-Plot
of I-Plot
five I-Plot
people I-Plot

tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
is O
very O
jealous O
of O
tim B-Actor
allen I-Actor
in O
this O
1995 B-Year
pixar B-Director
animation B-Genre
about O
playthings B-Plot
that I-Plot
come I-Plot
to I-Plot
life I-Plot
when I-Plot
no I-Plot
one I-Plot
is I-Plot
looking I-Plot

tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
stars O
as O
hit B-Plot
man I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
irish I-Plot
mob I-Plot
who I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
to I-Plot
escape I-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
crime I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
son I-Plot
in I-Plot
depression I-Plot
era I-Plot
america I-Plot

tommy B-Actor
flanagan I-Actor
harasses B-Plot
a I-Plot
teenage I-Plot
babysitter I-Plot
over I-Plot
the I-Plot
phone I-Plot
while I-Plot
she I-Plot
babysits I-Plot
in O
this O
2006 B-Year
thriller B-Genre

tommy B-Actor
lee I-Actor
jones I-Actor
battles B-Plot
with I-Plot
questions I-Plot
of I-Plot
missing I-Plot
money I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
possibility I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
major I-Plot
crime I-Plot
conspiracy I-Plot
in O
this O
pseudo B-Genre
western I-Genre
crime I-Genre
drama I-Genre

tony B-Plot
musante I-Plot
is O
a B-Plot
writer I-Plot
is I-Plot
stalked I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
after I-Plot
witnessing I-Plot
a I-Plot
murder I-Plot
attempt I-Plot
on I-Plot
one I-Plot
woman I-Plot
s I-Plot
life I-Plot
in O
this O
mystery B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
written O
and O
directed O
by O
dario B-Director
argento I-Director

two B-Plot
acquaintances I-Plot
decide I-Plot
to I-Plot
take I-Plot
their I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
next I-Plot
level I-Plot
minus I-Plot
the I-Plot
emotional I-Plot
baggage I-Plot

two B-Plot
cowboys I-Plot
accept I-Plot
a I-Plot
job I-Plot
during I-Plot
which I-Plot
they I-Plot
develop I-Plot
a I-Plot
forbidden I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
with I-Plot
one I-Plot
another I-Plot

two B-Plot
good I-Plot
friends I-Plot
mike B-Character_Name
and O
sully B-Character_Name
team B-Plot
up I-Plot
to I-Plot
scare I-Plot
as I-Plot
many I-Plot
children I-Plot
as I-Plot
possible I-Plot
but I-Plot
encounter I-Plot
something I-Plot
that I-Plot
no I-Plot
one I-Plot
has I-Plot
ever I-Plot
encountered I-Plot
before I-Plot
in O
this O
film O

two B-Plot
star I-Plot
crossed I-Plot
lovers I-Plot
from I-Plot
rival I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
a I-Plot
life I-Plot
beyond I-Plot
the I-Plot
hate I-Plot
in O
this O
musical B-Genre
classic O

two B-Plot
warriors I-Plot
are I-Plot
after I-Plot
a I-Plot
magical I-Plot
sword I-Plot
in O
this O
chinese B-Genre
martial I-Genre
arts I-Genre
film O
starring O
chow B-Actor
yun I-Actor
fat I-Actor
and O
michelle B-Actor
yeoh I-Actor

tyler B-Actor
perry I-Actor
breaks B-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
dress I-Plot
and O
takes O
on O
the O
role O
of O
the O
famous B-Plot
detective I-Plot
from O
the O
james B-Origin
patterson I-Origin
novels I-Origin
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
crime I-Genre
movie O

tyler B-Director
perry I-Director
directed O
this O
2010 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
play I-Origin
by I-Origin
ntozake I-Origin
shange I-Origin
and O
starring O
janet B-Actor
jackson I-Actor
and O
whoopi B-Actor
goldberg I-Actor

vin B-Actor
diesel I-Actor
and O
his O
gang O
are O
planning B-Plot
a I-Plot
massive I-Plot
heist I-Plot
to I-Plot
buy I-Plot
their I-Plot
freedom I-Plot
while I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
sights I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
powerful I-Plot
brazilian I-Plot
drug I-Plot
lord I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
dangerous I-Plot
federal I-Plot
agent I-Plot
in O
the O
2011 B-Year
installment B-Plot
of I-Plot
this I-Plot
movie B-Relationship
series I-Relationship

vin B-Actor
diesel I-Actor
is O
the O
voice O
of O
an O
alien B-Plot
robot I-Plot
that I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot
is I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
from I-Plot
being I-Plot
destroyed I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
government I-Plot
in O
this O
1999 B-Year
animated B-Genre
feature O

vincente B-Director
minnelli I-Director
directed O
and O
gene B-Actor
kelly I-Actor
stars O
in O
this O
musical B-Genre
romance I-Genre
about O
three B-Plot
friends I-Plot
looking I-Plot
for I-Plot
work I-Plot
in I-Plot
france I-Plot

walter B-Actor
matthau I-Actor
tries B-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
his I-Plot
uptight I-Plot
friend I-Plot
and I-Plot
roommate I-Plot
jack B-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
to B-Plot
have I-Plot
a I-Plot
little I-Plot
fun I-Plot
and I-Plot
relax I-Plot
more I-Plot
in O
this O
hilarious B-Opinion
neil B-Director
simon I-Director
comedy B-Genre

werner B-Director
herzog I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
biographical B-Genre
documentary I-Genre
about O
timothy B-Character_Name
treadwell I-Character_Name
and O
amie B-Character_Name
huguenard I-Character_Name
bear B-Plot
activists I-Plot
who I-Plot
were I-Plot
killed I-Plot
while I-Plot
living I-Plot
among I-Plot
them I-Plot
in I-Plot
alaska I-Plot

wes B-Director
anderson I-Director
s O
adaptation O
of O
roald B-Origin
dahl I-Origin
s I-Origin
popular I-Origin
children I-Origin
s I-Origin
book I-Origin
about O
a O
fox B-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
help I-Plot
his I-Plot
friends I-Plot
and I-Plot
family I-Plot
survive I-Plot
the I-Plot
onslaught I-Plot
of I-Plot
local I-Plot
farmers I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
action B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
with O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
and O
gerard B-Actor
butler I-Actor
where O
he B-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
kill I-Plot
his I-Plot
ex I-Plot
wife I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
animated B-Genre
film I-Genre
with O
the B-Plot
ship I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
museum I-Plot
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
an I-Origin
old I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
with I-Origin
the I-Origin
blond I-Origin
kid I-Origin

what O
s O
that O
aronofsky B-Director
film O
with O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
about O
the O
ballerina B-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
having I-Plot
hallucinations I-Plot
building I-Plot
up I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
final I-Plot
and I-Plot
most I-Plot
intense I-Plot
role I-Plot
in I-Plot
her I-Plot
career I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
awesome B-Opinion
funny I-Opinion
movie O
with O
jennifer B-Actor
anniston I-Actor
the B-Plot
guys I-Plot
start I-Plot
a I-Plot
pyramid I-Plot
scheme I-Plot
and I-Plot
almost I-Plot
get I-Plot
fired I-Plot
one O
man O
is O
named O
michael B-Character_Name
bolton I-Character_Name

what O
s O
that O
kevin B-Director
smith I-Director
movie O
with O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
where B-Plot
he I-Plot
s I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
rare I-Plot
baseball I-Plot
card I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
movie O
that O
has O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
and O
he B-Plot
s I-Plot
driving I-Plot
a I-Plot
bus I-Plot
and I-Plot
must I-Plot
stay I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
speed I-Plot
of I-Plot
greater I-Plot
than I-Plot
50 I-Plot
miles I-Plot
per I-Plot
hour I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
movie O
were O
patrick B-Actor
swayze I-Actor
dies B-Plot
and I-Plot
he I-Plot
talks I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
played O
by O
demi B-Actor
moore I-Actor
through O
whoopi B-Actor
goldberg I-Actor

what O
s O
that O
movie O
where O
all O
of O
the O
zoo B-Plot
animals I-Plot
join I-Plot
the I-Plot
circus I-Plot
and I-Plot
perform I-Plot
in I-Plot
front I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
giant I-Plot
crowd I-Plot
in I-Plot
stunning I-Plot
fashion I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
newer O
movie O
that O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
put O
out O
i O
think O
it O
has O
rza O
fighting O
kung O
fu O
style O

what O
s O
that O
stop B-Genre
animation I-Genre
movie O
with O
the B-Plot
creepy I-Plot
dolls I-Plot
with I-Plot
button I-Plot
eyes I-Plot
she I-Plot
travels I-Plot
to I-Plot
an I-Plot
alternate I-Plot
universe I-Plot
where I-Plot
her I-Plot
mother I-Plot
seems I-Plot
nice I-Plot
but I-Plot
is I-Plot
evil I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
stupid B-Opinion
overrated I-Opinion
movie O
about B-Plot
interplanetary I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
there I-Plot
are I-Plot
jedis I-Plot
and O
one O
of O
the O
main O
characters O
is O
harrison B-Actor
ford I-Actor

what O
s O
that O
super B-Opinion
slow I-Opinion
paced I-Opinion
movie O
with O
ryan B-Actor
gostling I-Actor
where O
nobody B-Plot
says I-Plot
anything I-Plot
the I-Plot
whole I-Plot
time I-Plot

what O
s O
that O
sweet B-Opinion
animated B-Genre
movie O
with O
the O
lizard O
voiced O
by O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
it O
has O
an O
awesome B-Opinion
reference O
to O
fear O
and O
loathing O
at O
the O
beginning O

what O
s O
the O
2011 B-Year
movie O
with O
rob B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
runs I-Plot
away I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
circus I-Plot
and I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
boss I-Plot
wife I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
bogart B-Actor
film O
where O
he B-Plot
runs I-Plot
into I-Plot
some I-Plot
bandits I-Plot
who I-Plot
claim I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
policia I-Plot
yet I-Plot
have I-Plot
no I-Plot
badges I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
camp B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
musical I-Genre
classic I-Genre
that O
features O
susan B-Actor
sarandon I-Actor
s O
first O
role O
and O
the O
song O
time B-Soundtrack
warp I-Soundtrack

what O
s O
the O
classic B-Genre
film O
where O
brando B-Actor
tells B-Plot
his I-Plot
backstabbing I-Plot
brother I-Plot
that I-Plot
he I-Plot
could I-Plot
ve I-Plot
been I-Plot
a I-Plot
contender I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
comedy B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
where O
a B-Plot
serious I-Plot
director I-Plot
decides I-Plot
to I-Plot
throw I-Plot
it I-Plot
all I-Plot
away I-Plot
and I-Plot
hit I-Plot
the I-Plot
streets I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
bum I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
comedy B-Genre
where O
three B-Plot
disgruntled I-Plot
white I-Plot
collar I-Plot
workers I-Plot
scheme I-Plot
to I-Plot
slowly I-Plot
steal I-Plot
from I-Plot
their I-Plot
company I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
film O
classic B-Opinion
about O
a O
group B-Plot
of I-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
drive I-Plot
highly I-Plot
explosive I-Plot
material I-Plot
a I-Plot
long I-Plot
distance I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
horror B-Genre
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
new I-Plot
chemical I-Plot
agent I-Plot
turns I-Plot
a I-Plot
town I-Plot
into I-Plot
zombie I-Plot
like I-Plot
creatures I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
italian B-Genre
film O
that O
is O
made B-Plot
up I-Plot
of I-Plot
cartoons I-Plot
set I-Plot
to I-Plot
classical I-Plot
music I-Plot
a I-Plot
la I-Plot
fantasia I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
poor I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
a I-Plot
rich I-Plot
man I-Plot
but I-Plot
all I-Plot
he I-Plot
wants I-Plot
is I-Plot
his I-Plot
childhood I-Plot
sled I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
about O
zimba B-Character_Name
leaving B-Plot
his I-Plot
jungle I-Plot
after I-Plot
believing I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
responsible I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot
s I-Plot
death I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
play I-Origin
where O
the O
moor B-Plot
of I-Plot
venice I-Plot
doubts I-Plot
the I-Plot
virtue I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
true I-Origin
story I-Origin
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
mod I-Plot
s I-Plot
involvement I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
history I-Plot
of I-Plot
las I-Plot
vegas I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
called O
with O
kristen B-Actor
wiig I-Actor
is O
the O
one O
where O
she B-Plot
is I-Plot
jealous I-Plot
about I-Plot
her I-Plot
friend I-Plot
getting I-Plot
married I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
comedy B-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
true I-Origin
story I-Origin
about O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
frequently I-Plot
escapes I-Plot
prison I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
i O
always O
confuse O
with O
goodfellas O
its O
by O
the O
same O
director O
and O
its O
about O
gangsters B-Plot
running I-Plot
gambling I-Plot
in I-Plot
las I-Plot
vegas I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
starring O
nathan B-Actor
lane I-Actor
and O
matthew B-Actor
broderick I-Actor
in O
which O
the O
intentionally B-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
create I-Plot
the I-Plot
worlds I-Plot
worst I-Plot
play I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
that O
has O
a O
main O
cast O
of O
nothing O
but O
girls B-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
mental I-Plot
institute I-Plot
who I-Plot
live I-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
alternate I-Plot
reality I-Plot
and O
stars O
emily B-Actor
browning I-Actor
and O
vanessa B-Actor
hudgens I-Actor

what O
s O
the O
movie O
that O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
roadside I-Plot
diner I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
about I-Plot
the I-Plot
ultimate I-Plot
fight I-Plot
of I-Plot
heaven I-Plot
and I-Plot
humanity I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
where O
a O
film B-Plot
crew I-Plot
stumbles I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
heck I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
big I-Plot
monkey I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
elite I-Plot
military I-Plot
personnel I-Plot
must I-Plot
save I-Plot
a I-Plot
major I-Plot
city I-Plot
from I-Plot
aliens I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
younger I-Plot
brother I-Plot
excels I-Plot
at I-Plot
boxing I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
up I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
failure I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
older I-Plot
brother I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
where O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
track B-Plot
a I-Plot
moralistic I-Plot
killer I-Plot
in I-Plot
chicago I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
where O
two B-Plot
detectives I-Plot
are I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
and I-Plot
it I-Plot
ends I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
tragic I-Plot
surprise I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
box I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
with O
jake B-Actor
gyllenhaal I-Actor
when O
he O
plays O
a B-Plot
prince I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
desert I-Plot
and I-Plot
almost I-Plot
gets I-Plot
killed I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
with O
john B-Actor
hurt I-Actor
and O
mickey B-Actor
rourke I-Actor
about O
the B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
helps I-Plot
the I-Plot
gods I-Plot
beat I-Plot
the I-Plot
titans I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
with O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
where O
you B-Plot
re I-Plot
not I-Plot
sure I-Plot
if I-Plot
he I-Plot
s I-Plot
going I-Plot
to I-Plot
rescue I-Plot
or I-Plot
kill I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
with O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
and O
mila B-Actor
kunis I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
ballet I-Plot
show I-Plot
and O
mila B-Actor
kunis I-Actor
character B-Plot
is I-Plot
crazy I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
movie O
with O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
playing O
a O
genius B-Plot
mathematician I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
a I-Plot
job I-Plot
in I-Plot
cryptography I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
buddy B-Genre
cop I-Genre
film O
where O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
and O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
try B-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
bad I-Plot
bankers I-Plot
from I-Plot
raiding I-Plot
the I-Plot
police I-Plot
s I-Plot
pension I-Plot
fund I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
famous B-Opinion
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor
film O
where O
he O
says O
i B-Quote
coulda I-Quote
been I-Quote
a I-Quote
contender I-Quote

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
martial B-Genre
film I-Genre
by O
ang B-Director
lee I-Director
where O
chow B-Actor
yun I-Actor
fat I-Actor
hunts B-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
sword I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
hands I-Plot
of I-Plot
ziyi B-Actor
zhang I-Actor

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
that O
has O
a O
dog O
in O
it O
named O
toto B-Character_Name

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
that O
has O
guy B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
wheelchair I-Plot
and I-Plot
that I-Plot
actress I-Plot
from I-Plot
aliens I-Plot
and I-Plot
they I-Plot
re I-Plot
on I-Plot
an I-Plot
alien I-Plot
planet I-Plot
that I-Plot
s I-Plot
full I-Plot
of I-Plot
animals I-Plot
and I-Plot
plants I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
kids I-Plot
from I-Plot
england I-Plot
end I-Plot
up I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
boat I-Plot
and I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
them I-Plot
turns I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
dragon I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
where O
the B-Plot
kid I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
use I-Plot
a I-Plot
laser I-Plot
sword I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
off I-Plot
that I-Plot
guy I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
really I-Plot
creepy I-Plot
voice I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
that O
pixar O
film O
where O
that O
old B-Plot
man I-Plot
ties I-Plot
countless I-Plot
balloons I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
home I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
animated B-Genre
kids I-Genre
movie O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
lizard I-Plot
voiced O
by O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
classic B-Opinion
movie O
where O
no B-Plot
one I-Plot
believes I-Plot
the I-Plot
guy I-Plot
who I-Plot
claims I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
santa I-Plot
claus I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
comedy B-Genre
where O
jennifer B-Actor
anniston I-Actor
plays B-Plot
a I-Plot
sexually I-Plot
deviant I-Plot
character I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
family B-Genre
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
with I-Plot
two I-Plot
kids I-Plot
takes I-Plot
care I-Plot
of I-Plot
lots I-Plot
of I-Plot
penguins I-Plot
in I-Plot
his I-Plot
apartment I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
first O
movie O
in O
which O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
stars O
as O
captain B-Character_Name
jack I-Character_Name
sparrow I-Character_Name

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
first O
pixar B-Genre
movie O
where O
tim B-Actor
allen I-Actor
and O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
voice O
woody B-Character_Name
and O
buzz B-Character_Name
lightyear I-Character_Name

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
depicts O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
in I-Plot
his I-Plot
dream I-Plot
and I-Plot
leads I-Plot
him I-Plot
through I-Plot
a I-Plot
totalitarian I-Plot
government I-Plot
ran I-Plot
country I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
where O
a O
giant B-Plot
green I-Plot
lizard I-Plot
goes I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
rampage I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
with O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
and O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
playing B-Plot
investigators I-Plot
hunting I-Plot
a I-Plot
religious I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
big I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
with O
the B-Plot
guy I-Plot
who I-Plot
builds I-Plot
a I-Plot
son I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
wood I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
nose I-Plot
gets I-Plot
really I-Plot
long I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
lies I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
of O
the O
remake B-Relationship
of O
moe B-Character_Name
larry I-Character_Name
and O
curly B-Character_Name
where O
larry B-Actor
david I-Actor
plays B-Plot
a I-Plot
nun I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
name O
the O
movie O
with O
ginnifer B-Actor
goodwin I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
hudson I-Actor
where O
a B-Plot
unlucky I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
girl I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
her I-Plot
best I-Plot
friend I-Plot
s I-Plot
fiance I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
one O
with O
that O
guy O
from O
the O
matrix B-Character_Name
and O
the O
girl O
from O
titanic B-Character_Name
where B-Plot
they I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
recent O
movie O
in O
which O
amy B-Actor
adams I-Actor
is O
the O
estranged B-Plot
adult I-Plot
child I-Plot
of I-Plot
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
s B-Plot
character I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
heavy I-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
baseball I-Plot
world I-Plot
and I-Plot
she I-Plot
meets I-Plot
a I-Plot
guy I-Plot
along I-Plot
the I-Plot
way I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
with O
adrien B-Actor
brody I-Actor
in O
which O
they B-Plot
make I-Plot
new I-Plot
animals I-Plot
by I-Plot
mixing I-Plot
together I-Plot
other I-Plot
animals I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
soderbergh B-Director
movie O
that O
traces B-Plot
a I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
virus I-Plot
as I-Plot
it I-Plot
makes I-Plot
its I-Plot
way I-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
globe I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
terry B-Director
gilliam I-Director
movie O
that O
stars O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
and O
has O
to O
do O
with O
time B-Plot
travel I-Plot
and O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
s O
anarchist B-Plot
group I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
title O
of O
wes B-Director
craven I-Director
s O
horror B-Genre
film O
where O
serial B-Plot
killer I-Plot
freddy B-Character_Name
krueger I-Character_Name
kills B-Plot
people I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
dreams I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
trippy B-Opinion
fellini B-Director
movie O
that O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
director I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
a I-Plot
movie I-Plot
among I-Plot
various I-Plot
distractions I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
true B-Genre
life I-Genre
movie O
starring O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
about O
the O
ringleader B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
massive I-Plot
drug I-Plot
cartel I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
truffaut B-Director
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
theater I-Plot
troupe I-Plot
that I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
mount I-Plot
plays I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
nazi I-Plot
occupation I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
ultra B-Genre
violent I-Genre
chinese I-Genre
film O
that O
ends B-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
prolonged I-Plot
shootout I-Plot
between I-Plot
cops I-Plot
and I-Plot
bad I-Plot
guys I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
hospital I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
violent O
coen B-Director
brothers I-Director
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
guy I-Plot
who I-Plot
finds I-Plot
a I-Plot
lot I-Plot
of I-Plot
money I-Plot
also I-Plot
attracts I-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot

what O
s O
the O
violent B-Genre
movie O
where O
ryan B-Actor
goslin I-Actor
does B-Plot
all I-Plot
sorts I-Plot
of I-Plot
nasty I-Plot
stuff I-Plot
to I-Plot
bad I-Plot
guys I-Plot
to I-Plot
protect I-Plot
a I-Plot
wife I-Plot
and I-Plot
kid I-Plot

what O
1930 B-Year
ernst B-Director
lubitsch I-Director
film O
starring O
jeanette B-Actor
macdonald I-Actor
took B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
famous I-Plot
european I-Plot
gambling I-Plot
city I-Plot
and O
featured O
the O
song O
beyond B-Soundtrack
the I-Soundtrack
blue I-Soundtrack
horizon I-Soundtrack

what O
1931 B-Year
film O
featured B-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
hunt I-Plot
in I-Plot
germany I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
child I-Plot
killer I-Plot
aided I-Plot
by I-Plot
police I-Plot
and I-Plot
other I-Plot
criminals I-Plot
alike I-Plot

what O
1931 B-Year
movie O
depicts B-Plot
the I-Plot
creation I-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
monster I-Plot
made I-Plot
up I-Plot
of I-Plot
parts I-Plot
of I-Plot
dead I-Plot
people I-Plot

what O
1934 B-Year
jean B-Director
vigo I-Director
film O
called O
one B-Opinion
of I-Opinion
the I-Opinion
best I-Opinion
of I-Opinion
all I-Opinion
time I-Opinion
starred O
michel B-Actor
simon I-Actor
as O
p B-Character_Name
re I-Character_Name
jules I-Character_Name

what O
1935 B-Year
musical B-Genre
starred O
groucho B-Actor
marx I-Actor
chico I-Actor
marx I-Actor
harpo I-Actor
marx I-Actor
kitty I-Actor
carlisle I-Actor
and O
allan B-Actor
jones I-Actor

what O
1937 B-Year
french B-Genre
war I-Genre
film O
is O
directed O
by O
jean B-Director
renoir I-Director
and O
about O
french B-Plot
officers I-Plot
attempting I-Plot
to I-Plot
escape I-Plot
pow I-Plot
camp I-Plot

what O
1938 B-Year
howard B-Director
hawks I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
katharine B-Actor
hepburn I-Actor
cary I-Actor
grant I-Actor
charles I-Actor
ruggles I-Actor
and O
barry B-Actor
fitzgerald I-Actor

what O
1939 B-Year
frank B-Director
capra I-Director
drama B-Genre
stars O
james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
jean I-Actor
arthur I-Actor
claude I-Actor
rains I-Actor
edward I-Actor
arnold I-Actor
and O
thomas B-Actor
mitchell I-Actor

what O
1939 B-Year
oscar B-Award
winning I-Award
civil O
war O
era O
movie O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
author I-Origin
margaret I-Origin
mitchell I-Origin

what O
1939 B-Year
victor B-Director
fleming I-Director
movie O
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
girl I-Plot
named I-Plot
dorothy I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
swept I-Plot
away I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
magical I-Plot
land I-Plot

what O
1940 B-Year
dramatic B-Genre
movie O
depicted O
a B-Plot
poor I-Plot
midwest I-Plot
family I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
forced I-Plot
off I-Plot
their I-Plot
land I-Plot

what O
1940 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
newspaper I-Plot
editor I-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
keep I-Plot
his I-Plot
ace I-Plot
reporter I-Plot
ex I-Plot
wife I-Plot
from I-Plot
remarrying I-Plot

what O
1941 B-Year
john B-Director
huston I-Director
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
humphrey B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
mary I-Actor
astor I-Actor
peter I-Actor
lorre I-Actor
and O
gladys B-Actor
george I-Actor

what O
1941 B-Year
orson B-Director
welles I-Director
movie O
garnered O
him O
an O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
writing I-Award
along O
with O
writing O
partner O
herman O
j O
mankiewicz O

what O
1942 B-Year
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
winning I-Award
film O
was O
set O
in O
unoccupied B-Plot
africa I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
early I-Plot
days I-Plot
of I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
ii I-Plot

what O
1942 B-Year
michael B-Director
curtiz I-Director
romantic B-Genre
war I-Genre
drama I-Genre
featured O
humphrey B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
ingrid I-Actor
bergman I-Actor
and O
paul B-Actor
henreid I-Actor

what O
1942 B-Year
movie O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
music I-Award
original I-Award
song I-Award
oscar I-Award
win I-Award
to O
irving O
berlin O
for O
his O
song O
white B-Soundtrack
christmas I-Soundtrack

what O
1942 B-Year
romance B-Genre
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
complicated I-Plot
love I-Plot
affair I-Plot
set I-Plot
in I-Plot
africa I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
early I-Plot
days I-Plot
of I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
ii I-Plot

what O
1942 B-Year
romance B-Genre
movie O
set O
during O
world O
war O
ii O
and O
directed O
by O
michael B-Director
curtiz I-Director
won O
3 B-Award
oscars I-Award

what O
1945 B-Year
elia B-Director
kazan I-Director
film O
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
coming I-Plot
of I-Plot
age I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
early I-Plot
1900 I-Plot
s I-Plot

what O
1945 B-Year
movie O
centered O
around B-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
tempted I-Plot
to I-Plot
cheat I-Plot
on I-Plot
her I-Plot
husband I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
stranger I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
railway I-Plot
station I-Plot

what O
1946 B-Year
frank B-Director
capra I-Director
movie O
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
george B-Character_Name
bailey I-Character_Name
in B-Plot
bedford I-Plot
falls I-Plot

what O
1946 B-Year
john B-Director
huston I-Director
documentary B-Genre
marked O
the B-Relationship
final I-Relationship
entry I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship
of O
films O
he O
produced O
for O
the O
u O
s O
government O

what O
1948 B-Year
film O
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
driving I-Plot
his I-Plot
cattle I-Plot
when I-Plot
his I-Plot
adopted I-Plot
son I-Plot
turns I-Plot
against I-Plot
him I-Plot

what O
1948 B-Year
movie O
that O
won B-Award
3 I-Award
oscars I-Award
stars O
humphrey B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
prospecting B-Plot
for I-Plot
gold I-Plot
in I-Plot
mexico I-Plot

what O
1949 B-Year
george B-Director
cukor I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centered O
around O
a O
husband B-Plot
and I-Plot
wife I-Plot
working I-Plot
as I-Plot
opposing I-Plot
lawyers I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
case I-Plot
involving I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
shot I-Plot
her I-Plot
husband I-Plot

what O
1950 B-Year
george B-Director
sidney I-Director
biopic B-Genre
won B-Award
the I-Award
oscar I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
music I-Award
scoring I-Award
of I-Award
a I-Award
musical I-Award
picture I-Award

what O
1950 B-Year
joseph B-Director
l I-Director
mankiewicz I-Director
movie O
garnered O
a O
total O
of O
six B-Award
oscar I-Award
wins I-Award
including I-Award
best I-Award
writing I-Award
and O
best B-Award
directing I-Award
for O
mankiewicz O
and O
best B-Award
picture I-Award

what O
1951 B-Year
george B-Director
stevens I-Director
movie O
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
poor I-Plot
boy I-Plot
working I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
rich I-Plot
uncle I-Plot
and I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
two I-Plot
women I-Plot

what O
1952 B-Year
fred B-Director
zinnemann I-Director
western B-Genre
movie O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actor I-Award
oscar I-Award
win I-Award
for O
gary B-Actor
cooper I-Actor

what O
1953 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
depicts O
a B-Plot
tough I-Plot
cop I-Plot
taking I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
politically I-Plot
powerful I-Plot
crime I-Plot
syndicate I-Plot

what O
1953 B-Year
movie O
centers B-Plot
on I-Plot
an I-Plot
army I-Plot
despatch I-Plot
rider I-Plot
who I-Plot
discovers I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
son I-Plot
living I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
midst I-Plot
of I-Plot
warring I-Plot
apaches I-Plot

what O
1953 B-Year
western B-Genre
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
1949 I-Origin
novel I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
by I-Origin
jack I-Origin
schaefer I-Origin

what O
1954 B-Year
classic B-Opinion
did O
barbara B-Actor
streisand I-Actor
remake B-Origin
as O
a O
rock B-Genre
musical I-Genre
in B-Plot
the I-Plot
70 I-Plot
s O
with O
kris B-Actor
kristofferson I-Actor
and O
director O
frank B-Director
pierson I-Director

what O
1954 B-Year
elia B-Director
kazan I-Director
crime B-Genre
movie O
depicted O
an B-Plot
ex I-Plot
prize I-Plot
fighter I-Plot
turned I-Plot
longshoreman I-Plot
struggling I-Plot
to I-Plot
stand I-Plot
up I-Plot
to I-Plot
corrupt I-Plot
union I-Plot
bosses I-Plot

what O
1956 B-Year
walter B-Director
lang I-Director
film O
starred O
yul B-Actor
brynner I-Actor
and O
deborah B-Actor
kerr I-Actor
as O
the O
titular O
characters O

what O
1957 B-Year
drama B-Genre
features O
an B-Plot
aging I-Plot
professor I-Plot
confronting I-Plot
the I-Plot
emptiness I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
existence I-Plot
after I-Plot
having I-Plot
living I-Plot
a I-Plot
life I-Plot
marked I-Plot
by I-Plot
coldness I-Plot

what O
1957 B-Year
king B-Director
vidor I-Director
movie O
starring O
audrey B-Actor
hepburn I-Actor
and O
henry B-Actor
fonda I-Actor
centered O
around O
napoleon B-Character_Name
s I-Character_Name
tumultuous B-Plot
relations I-Plot
with I-Plot
russia I-Plot

what O
1957 B-Year
stanley B-Director
donen I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
audrey B-Actor
hepburn I-Actor
fred I-Actor
astaire I-Actor
kay I-Actor
thompson I-Actor
and O
michel B-Actor
auclair I-Actor

what O
1958 B-Year
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director
film O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
boileau I-Origin
narcejac I-Origin
starred O
james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
as O
detective O
john B-Character_Name
scottie I-Character_Name
ferguson I-Character_Name

what O
1958 B-Year
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director
movie O
thriller B-Genre
featured O
james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
kim I-Actor
novak I-Actor
and O
barbara B-Actor
bel I-Actor
geddes I-Actor

what O
1959 B-Year
billy B-Director
wilder I-Director
comedy B-Genre
features O
tony B-Actor
curtis I-Actor
and O
jack B-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
as O
musicians B-Plot
who I-Plot
witness I-Plot
a I-Plot
mob I-Plot
hit I-Plot

what O
1959 B-Year
billy B-Director
wilder I-Director
comedy B-Genre
starred O
marilyn B-Actor
monroe I-Actor
tony I-Actor
curtis I-Actor
jack I-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
and O
george B-Actor
raft I-Actor

what O
1960 B-Year
french B-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
georges B-Director
franju I-Director
created O
massive O
controvery O
upon O
its O
release O

what O
1960 B-Year
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
biopic O
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
slave I-Plot
that I-Plot
leads I-Plot
a I-Plot
violent I-Plot
revolt I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
decadent I-Plot
roman I-Plot
republic I-Plot

what O
1961 B-Year
musical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centers O
around O
two B-Plot
youngsters I-Plot
from I-Plot
rival I-Plot
nyc I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
who I-Plot
fall I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot

what O
1961 B-Year
robert B-Director
rossen I-Director
sport B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
paul B-Actor
newman I-Actor
jackie I-Actor
gleason I-Actor
piper I-Actor
laurie I-Actor
and O
george B-Actor
c I-Actor
scott I-Actor

what O
1962 B-Year
classic B-Genre
western I-Genre
film O
stars O
both O
jimmy B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
and O
was O
nominated B-Award
for I-Award
an I-Award
oscar I-Award

what O
1962 B-Year
david B-Director
lean I-Director
biopic B-Genre
tells O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
flamboyant I-Plot
and I-Plot
controversial I-Plot
british I-Plot
military I-Plot
figure I-Plot

what O
1964 B-Year
movie O
features O
julie B-Actor
andrews I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
magical I-Plot
nanny I-Plot
who I-Plot
works I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
banker I-Plot

what O
1965 B-Year
cartoon B-Genre
is O
a O
timeless O
classic B-Genre
starring O
the O
lovable O
charlie B-Character_Name
brown I-Character_Name
and O
his O
dog O
snoopy B-Character_Name

what O
1965 B-Year
george B-Director
cukor I-Director
film O
garnered O
him O
a O
best B-Award
director I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
and O
won O
the O
oscar B-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
picture I-Award

what O
1965 B-Year
musical B-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
rogers I-Origin
and I-Origin
hammerstein I-Origin
musical I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
features O
the O
von B-Character_Name
trapp I-Character_Name
family O
singers O

what O
1965 B-Year
robert B-Director
stevenson I-Director
movie O
starred O
hayley B-Actor
mills I-Actor
dean I-Actor
jones I-Actor
dorothy I-Actor
provine I-Actor
and O
roddy B-Actor
mcdowall I-Actor

what O
1966 B-Year
ingmar B-Director
bergman I-Director
film O
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
nurse I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
charge I-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
actress I-Plot

what O
1966 B-Year
james B-Director
hill I-Director
family B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
husband I-Plot
and I-Plot
wife I-Plot
raising I-Plot
a I-Plot
lion I-Plot
cub I-Plot

what O
1966 B-Year
sergio B-Director
leone I-Director
western B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O
featured O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
and O
eli B-Actor
wallach I-Actor
in O
a O
bounty B-Plot
hunting I-Plot
scam I-Plot

what O
1967 B-Year
arthur B-Director
penn I-Director
biopic B-Genre
starred O
warren B-Actor
beatty I-Actor
faye I-Actor
dunaway I-Actor
michael I-Actor
j I-Actor
pollard I-Actor
and O
gene B-Actor
hackman I-Actor

what O
1967 B-Year
movie O
stars O
elizabeth B-Actor
taylor I-Actor
and O
richard B-Actor
burton I-Actor
about O
someone B-Plot
who I-Plot
needs I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
married I-Plot
so I-Plot
the I-Plot
sister I-Plot
can I-Plot
get I-Plot
married I-Plot
too I-Plot

what O
1967 B-Year
musical B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
follows O
the B-Plot
adventures I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
beatles I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
special I-Plot
charter I-Plot
bus I-Plot

what O
1967 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
depicts O
robert B-Actor
redford I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
lawyer I-Plot
and O
jane B-Actor
fonda I-Actor
as O
his B-Plot
vivacious I-Plot
wife I-Plot

what O
1968 B-Year
gene B-Director
saks I-Director
comedy B-Genre
was O
written O
by O
neil O
simon O
and O
starred O
jack B-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
and O
walter B-Actor
matthau I-Actor

what O
1968 B-Year
sergio B-Director
leone I-Director
western B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
featured O
a B-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
stranger I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
harmonica I-Plot
who I-Plot
protects I-Plot
a I-Plot
widow I-Plot

what O
1969 B-Year
american B-Genre
road I-Genre
movie I-Genre
was O
written O
by O
peter O
fonda O
dennis O
hopper O
and O
terry O
southern O

what O
1969 B-Year
western B-Genre
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actor I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
for O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
in O
his O
role O
as O
rooster B-Character_Name
cogburn I-Character_Name

what O
1970 B-Year
movie O
takes O
place O
in B-Plot
1825 I-Plot
and I-Plot
centers I-Plot
around I-Plot
an I-Plot
english I-Plot
aristocrat I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
captured I-Plot
by I-Plot
indians I-Plot

what O
1970 B-Year
oscar B-Award
winner I-Award
for O
best B-Award
picture I-Award
also O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actor I-Award
oscar I-Award
win I-Award
for O
george B-Actor
c I-Actor
scott I-Actor

what O
1970 B-Year
robert B-Director
altman I-Director
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
korean I-Plot
war I-Plot
spawned O
a O
long O
running O
television O
series O

what O
1971 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
rich I-Plot
man I-Plot
obsessed I-Plot
with I-Plot
death I-Plot
until I-Plot
he I-Plot
meets I-Plot
an I-Plot
interesting I-Plot
woman I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
funeral I-Plot

what O
1971 B-Year
musical B-Genre
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
pre I-Plot
revolutionary I-Plot
russia I-Plot
and O
stars O
topol B-Actor
norma I-Actor
crane I-Actor
and O
leonard B-Actor
frey I-Actor

what O
1971 B-Year
sergio B-Director
martino I-Director
thriller B-Genre
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
death I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
millionaire I-Plot
and I-Plot
then I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
death I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
suddenly I-Plot
rich I-Plot
wife I-Plot

what O
1972 B-Year
movie O
starred O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
roscoe I-Actor
lee I-Actor
browns I-Actor
bruce I-Actor
dern I-Actor
colleen I-Actor
dewhurst I-Actor
and O
alfred B-Actor
barker I-Actor
jr I-Actor

what O
1972 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centered O
around O
the B-Plot
accidental I-Plot
mix I-Plot
up I-Plot
of I-Plot
four I-Plot
identical I-Plot
overnight I-Plot
bags I-Plot

what O
1972 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor
and O
maria B-Actor
schneider I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
based I-Plot
only I-Plot
on I-Plot
sex I-Plot

what O
1973 B-Year
francois B-Director
truffaut I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
jacqueline B-Actor
bisset I-Actor
and O
jean B-Actor
pierre I-Actor
leaud I-Actor
and O
valentina B-Actor
cortese I-Actor

what O
1973 B-Year
george B-Director
roy I-Director
hill I-Director
oscar B-Award
winning I-Award
film O
featured O
paul B-Actor
newman I-Actor
robert I-Actor
redford I-Actor
and O
robert B-Actor
shaw I-Actor

what O
1973 B-Year
movie O
starred O
barbara B-Actor
streisand I-Actor
and O
robert B-Actor
redford I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
wonderful I-Plot
romance I-Plot
but I-Plot
different I-Plot
political I-Plot
views I-Plot
that I-Plot
eventually I-Plot
drive I-Plot
them I-Plot
apart I-Plot

what O
1974 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
was O
a O
parody B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
classical I-Origin
frankenstein I-Origin
horror I-Origin
fim I-Origin

what O
1974 B-Year
billy B-Director
wilder I-Director
movie O
starred O
jack B-Actor
lemmon I-Actor
walter I-Actor
matthau I-Actor
susan I-Actor
sarandon I-Actor
and O
vincent B-Actor
gardenia I-Actor

what O
1974 B-Year
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
western B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
featured O
cleavon B-Actor
little I-Actor
gene I-Actor
wilder I-Actor
madeline I-Actor
kahn I-Actor
and O
slim B-Actor
pickens I-Actor

what O
1974 B-Year
stop B-Genre
motion I-Genre
animated I-Genre
tv I-Genre
special I-Genre
features O
kris B-Character_Name
kringle I-Character_Name
running B-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
heater I-Plot
miser I-Plot

what O
1975 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
adventure B-Genre
horror I-Genre
movie O
featured O
roy B-Actor
scheider I-Actor
robert I-Actor
shaw I-Actor
and O
richard B-Actor
dreyfuss I-Actor

what O
1976 B-Year
marin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
drama B-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
mentally I-Plot
unstable I-Plot
vietnam I-Plot
war I-Plot
veteran I-Plot
who I-Plot
works I-Plot
nights I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
1976 B-Year
rene B-Director
daalder I-Director
movie O
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
student I-Plot
who I-Plot
resorts I-Plot
to I-Plot
murdering I-Plot
bullies I-Plot

what O
1976 B-Year
richard B-Director
donner I-Director
horror B-Genre
film O
featured O
gregory B-Actor
peck I-Actor
as B-Plot
an I-Plot
american I-Plot
ambassador I-Plot
and O
lee B-Actor
remick I-Actor
as O
his O
wife O

what O
1976 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
neil I-Origin
simon I-Origin
play I-Origin
starred O
robert B-Actor
redford I-Actor
and O
jane B-Actor
fonda I-Actor

what O
1976 B-Year
western B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
dying I-Plot
gunfighter I-Plot
spending I-Plot
his I-Plot
last I-Plot
days I-Plot
looking I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
way I-Plot
to I-Plot
die I-Plot
with I-Plot
dignity I-Plot

what O
1977 B-Year
george B-Director
lucas I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
movie O
featured O
mark B-Actor
hamill I-Actor
harrison I-Actor
ford I-Actor
carrie I-Actor
fisher I-Actor
and O
alec B-Actor
guinness I-Actor

what O
1977 B-Year
musical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
featured O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
brooklyn I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
feels I-Plot
his I-Plot
only I-Plot
chance I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
somewhere I-Plot
is I-Plot
be I-Plot
king I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
disco I-Plot
floor I-Plot

what O
1977 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
adventured I-Genre
found O
richard B-Actor
dreyfuss I-Actor
making B-Plot
a I-Plot
mountain I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
mashed I-Plot
potatoes I-Plot

what O
1978 B-Year
john B-Director
carpenter I-Director
horror B-Genre
film O
featured O
jamie B-Actor
lee I-Actor
curtis I-Actor
running B-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
crazed I-Plot
killer I-Plot

what O
1978 B-Year
richard B-Director
donner I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
starred O
christopher B-Actor
reeve I-Actor
margot I-Actor
kidder I-Actor
gene I-Actor
hackman I-Actor
and O
ned B-Actor
beatty I-Actor

what O
1978 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers O
on O
a B-Plot
wealthy I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
struggles I-Plot
with I-Plot
her I-Plot
identity I-Plot
after I-Plot
her I-Plot
husband I-Plot
of I-Plot
16 I-Plot
years I-Plot
leaves I-Plot
her I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
younger I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
1979 B-Year
movie O
is O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
england I-Plot
where I-Plot
a I-Plot
businessman I-Plot
is I-Plot
visited I-Plot
by I-Plot
three I-Plot
ghosts I-Plot
on I-Plot
christmas I-Plot
eve I-Plot

what O
1979 B-Year
movie O
stars O
jon B-Actor
voight I-Actor
as O
an O
ex B-Plot
boxer I-Plot
who I-Plot
works I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
horse I-Plot
trainer I-Plot
and I-Plot
raises I-Plot
his I-Plot
son I-Plot

what O
1979 B-Year
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
horror I-Genre
movie O
featured O
sigourney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor
as O
part B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
commercial I-Plot
deep I-Plot
space I-Plot
mining I-Plot
ship I-Plot
crew I-Plot

what O
1980 B-Year
american B-Genre
film I-Genre
featured O
a O
single B-Plot
woman I-Plot
moving I-Plot
to I-Plot
san I-Plot
fransisco I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
holidays I-Plot
whil I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
her I-Plot
life I-Plot
back I-Plot
togeather I-Plot
after I-Plot
a I-Plot
divorce I-Plot

what O
1980 B-Year
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
winner O
also O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
director I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
for O
robert B-Actor
redford I-Actor

what O
1980 B-Year
harold B-Director
ramis I-Director
sport B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
takes O
place B-Plot
at I-Plot
an I-Plot
exclusive I-Plot
golf I-Plot
course I-Plot
that I-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
dancing I-Plot
gopher I-Plot

what O
1980 B-Year
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
film O
was O
based O
on O
a O
stephen B-Origin
king I-Origin
novel I-Origin
of O
the O
same O
name O

what O
1980 B-Year
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
horror B-Genre
movie O
is O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
isolated I-Plot
hotel I-Plot
and O
features O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
as O
it O
s O
caretaker O

what O
1981 B-Year
biopic B-Genre
starred O
faye B-Actor
dunaway I-Actor
and O
depicted B-Plot
the I-Plot
abusive I-Plot
adoptive I-Plot
upbringing I-Plot
of I-Plot
christina B-Character_Name
crawford I-Character_Name

what O
1981 B-Year
lawrence B-Director
kasdan I-Director
thriller B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
love I-Plot
affair I-Plot
of I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot
lawyer I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
rich I-Plot
girlfriend I-Plot

what O
1981 B-Year
steve B-Director
gordon I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
dudley B-Actor
moore I-Actor
liza I-Actor
minnelli I-Actor
john I-Actor
gielgud I-Actor
and O
jill B-Actor
eikenberry I-Actor

what O
1981 B-Year
terry B-Director
gilliam I-Director
comedy B-Genre
starred O
sean B-Actor
connery I-Actor
shelley I-Actor
duvall I-Actor
john I-Actor
cleese I-Actor
and O
katherine B-Actor
helmond I-Actor

what O
1982 B-Year
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
winner I-Award
also O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actor I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
for O
it O
s O
star O
ben B-Actor
kingsley I-Actor

what O
1982 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
seeks I-Plot
vengeance I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
doctors I-Plot
who I-Plot
separated I-Plot
him I-Plot
against I-Plot
his I-Plot
will I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
siamese I-Plot
twin I-Plot
brother I-Plot

what O
1982 B-Year
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
stars O
harrison B-Actor
ford I-Actor
as O
a O
man B-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
track I-Plot
down I-Plot
and I-Plot
terminate I-Plot
4 I-Plot
replicants I-Plot

what O
1982 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
starred O
harrison B-Actor
ford I-Actor
rutger I-Actor
hauer I-Actor
sean I-Actor
young I-Actor
edward I-Actor
james I-Actor
olmos I-Actor
and O
daryl B-Actor
hannah I-Actor

what O
1983 B-Year
harold B-Director
ramis I-Director
comedy B-Genre
finds O
the O
griswold B-Character_Name
family B-Plot
cross I-Plot
country I-Plot
driving I-Plot
to I-Plot
theme I-Plot
park I-Plot
walley I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
1983 B-Year
horror B-Genre
movie O
revolved O
around O
a B-Plot
friendly I-Plot
st I-Plot
bernard I-Plot
dog I-Plot
which I-Plot
had I-Plot
contracted I-Plot
rabies I-Plot

what O
1983 B-Year
mike B-Director
nichols I-Director
biopic B-Genre
featured O
meryl B-Actor
streep I-Actor
in O
the O
starring B-Plot
role I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
metallurgy O
worker O

what O
1983 B-Year
movie O
featured O
a B-Plot
family I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
across I-Plot
the I-Plot
country I-Plot
to I-Plot
visit I-Plot
the I-Plot
theme I-Plot
park I-Plot
known I-Plot
as I-Plot
wally I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
1983 B-Year
movie O
features O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
cuban I-Plot
immigrant I-Plot
taking I-Plot
over I-Plot
a I-Plot
drug I-Plot
cartel I-Plot

what O
1984 B-Year
action B-Genre
movie O
is O
based B-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
invasion I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
colorado I-Plot
town I-Plot
by I-Plot
an I-Plot
alliance I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
cuban I-Plot
and I-Plot
russian I-Plot
militarily I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
some I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
wolverines I-Plot
efforts I-Plot
to I-Plot
oust I-Plot
the I-Plot
occupiers I-Plot

what O
1984 B-Year
alex B-Director
cox I-Director
comedy B-Genre
stars O
harry B-Actor
dean I-Actor
stanton I-Actor
emilio I-Actor
estevez I-Actor
olivia I-Actor
barash I-Actor
and O
tracey B-Actor
walter I-Actor

what O
1984 B-Year
alex B-Director
cox I-Director
cult B-Genre
film I-Genre
stars O
emilio B-Actor
estevez I-Actor
tracey I-Actor
walter I-Actor
and O
harry B-Actor
dean I-Actor
stanton I-Actor

what O
1984 B-Year
barry B-Director
levinson I-Director
sport B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
an I-Plot
average I-Plot
baseball I-Plot
player I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
nowhere I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
legendary I-Plot
player I-Plot

what O
1984 B-Year
family B-Genre
movie O
featured O
ralph B-Actor
macchio I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
bullied I-Plot
boy I-Plot
elisabeth B-Actor
shue I-Actor
as B-Plot
his I-Plot
girlfriend I-Plot
and I-Plot
pat B-Actor
morita I-Actor
as B-Plot
his I-Plot
mentor I-Plot

what O
1984 B-Year
historical B-Genre
biopic I-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
photographer I-Plot
trapped I-Plot
in I-Plot
cambodia I-Plot
during I-Plot
a I-Plot
violent I-Plot
time I-Plot

what O
1984 B-Year
ivan B-Director
reitman I-Director
film O
featured O
bill B-Actor
murray I-Actor
dan I-Actor
aykroyd I-Actor
sigourney I-Actor
weaver I-Actor
annie I-Actor
potts I-Actor
and O
harold B-Actor
ramis I-Actor

what O
1984 B-Year
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
film O
depicted O
a B-Plot
robotic I-Plot
assassin I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
post I-Plot
apocalyptic I-Plot
future I-Plot
sent I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
to I-Plot
eliminate I-Plot
a I-Plot
waitress I-Plot

what O
1984 B-Year
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
film O
starring O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
has O
spawned B-Relationship
three I-Relationship
sequels I-Relationship
and O
a O
television O
program O

what O
1984 B-Year
milos B-Director
forman I-Director
musical B-Genre
biopic I-Genre
starred O
f B-Actor
murray I-Actor
abraham I-Actor
tom I-Actor
hulce I-Actor
and O
elizabeth B-Actor
berridge I-Actor

what O
1985 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
film O
stars O
tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
stop I-Plot
the I-Plot
lord I-Plot
of I-Plot
darkness I-Plot
from I-Plot
killing I-Plot
all I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
good I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
1985 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
flick O
had O
tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor
trying B-Plot
to I-Plot
keep I-Plot
tim B-Actor
curry I-Actor
from B-Plot
killing I-Plot
off I-Plot
the I-Plot
last I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
unicorns I-Plot

what O
1985 B-Year
harold B-Director
becker I-Director
coming B-Genre
of I-Genre
age I-Genre
movie I-Genre
finds B-Plot
a I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
student I-Plot
wanting I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
something I-Plot
more I-Plot

what O
1985 B-Year
john B-Director
huston I-Director
film O
featured O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
and O
kathleen B-Actor
turner I-Actor
as O
professional B-Plot
hit I-Plot
people I-Plot

what O
1985 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
has O
michael B-Actor
j I-Actor
fox I-Actor
going B-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
delorean I-Plot

what O
1985 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
movie O
showed B-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
and I-Plot
trials I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
african I-Plot
american I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
1986 B-Year
oscar B-Award
winning I-Award
best I-Award
picture I-Award
film O
also O
earned O
oliver B-Director
stone I-Director
the O
best B-Award
director I-Award
oscar I-Award

what O
1986 B-Year
sports B-Genre
movie O
featured O
gene B-Actor
hackman I-Actor
as O
a O
coach B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
team I-Plot

what O
1987 B-Year
brian B-Director
depalma I-Director
film O
features O
kevin B-Actor
costner I-Actor
as O
federal O
agent O
eliot B-Character_Name
ness I-Character_Name
out B-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
al B-Character_Name
capone I-Character_Name

what O
1987 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
featured O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
and O
holly B-Actor
hunger I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
childless I-Plot
couple I-Plot
who I-Plot
kidnap I-Plot
a I-Plot
family I-Plot
member I-Plot
s I-Plot
child I-Plot

what O
1987 B-Year
movie O
featured O
an B-Plot
evil I-Plot
prince I-Plot
his I-Plot
six I-Plot
fingered I-Plot
henchman I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
swordsman I-Plot
hero I-Plot
named I-Plot
inigo B-Character_Name
montoya I-Character_Name

what O
1987 B-Year
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
film O
showed B-Plot
what I-Plot
it I-Plot
s I-Plot
like I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
u I-Plot
s I-Plot
marine I-Plot
bootcamp I-Plot

what O
1988 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
is O
set O
in O
toontown O
and O
features O
a O
blend O
of O
live B-Genre
action I-Genre
and O
animation B-Genre

what O
1988 B-Year
gary B-Director
marshall I-Director
chick B-Genre
flick I-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
rich I-Plot
debutante I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
cynical I-Plot
entertainer I-Plot
who I-Plot
share I-Plot
an I-Plot
enduring I-Plot
childhood I-Plot
friendship I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
years I-Plot

what O
1988 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
baseball I-Plot
fan I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
affair I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
minor I-Plot
league I-Plot
player I-Plot

what O
1988 B-Year
ron B-Director
howard I-Director
movie O
shows B-Plot
a I-Plot
reluctant I-Plot
dwarf I-Plot
playing I-Plot
a I-Plot
critical I-Plot
role I-Plot
in I-Plot
protecting I-Plot
a I-Plot
special I-Plot
baby I-Plot

what O
1989 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
features O
chevy B-Actor
chase I-Actor
as O
clark B-Character_Name
griswold I-Character_Name
and O
beverly B-Actor
d I-Actor
angelo I-Actor
as O
his O
wife O
ellen B-Character_Name

what O
1989 B-Year
drama B-Genre
starred O
female O
superstars O
dolly B-Actor
parton I-Actor
sally I-Actor
field I-Actor
shirley I-Actor
maclaine I-Actor
and O
julia B-Actor
roberts I-Actor

what O
1990 B-Year
american B-Genre
crime I-Genre
film I-Genre
featured O
the O
famous O
story O
of O
the B-Plot
rise I-Plot
and I-Plot
fall I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
lucchese I-Plot
crime I-Plot
family I-Plot

what O
1990 B-Year
chris B-Director
columbus I-Director
family B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
macaulay B-Actor
culkin I-Actor
joe I-Actor
pesci I-Actor
daniel I-Actor
stern I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
heard I-Actor

what O
1990 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
had O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
playing O
a B-Plot
mob I-Plot
type I-Plot
gangster I-Plot
named O
james B-Character_Name
conway I-Character_Name

what O
1990 B-Year
jeannot B-Director
szwarc I-Director
film O
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
chicago I-Plot
playwright I-Plot
who I-Plot
uses I-Plot
self I-Plot
hypnosis I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
the I-Plot
actress I-Plot
whose I-Plot
vintage I-Plot
portrait I-Plot
hangs I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
grand I-Plot
hotel I-Plot

what O
1990 B-Year
kevin B-Actor
costner I-Actor
film O
garnered O
multiple B-Award
oscar I-Award
wins I-Award
including O
best B-Award
picture I-Award
best I-Award
director I-Award
and I-Award
best I-Award
writing I-Award

what O
1990 B-Year
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
biopic B-Genre
centers O
around O
henry B-Character_Name
hill I-Character_Name
and B-Plot
his I-Plot
friends I-Plot
as I-Plot
they I-Plot
work I-Plot
their I-Plot
way I-Plot
up I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
mob I-Plot
hierarchy I-Plot

what O
1990 B-Year
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
film O
featured O
robert B-Actor
deniro I-Actor
ray I-Actor
liotta I-Actor
and O
joe B-Actor
pesci I-Actor
as O
mobsters B-Plot

what O
1990 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
centers O
around O
a O
man B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
in I-Plot
for I-Plot
virtual I-Plot
vacation I-Plot
memories I-Plot
but I-Plot
then I-Plot
faces I-Plot
unforeseen I-Plot
consequences I-Plot

what O
1990 B-Year
tim B-Director
burton I-Director
film O
featured O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
a O
hairstylist O
and O
hedge O
trimmer O
and O
winona B-Actor
ryder I-Actor
as O
his O
love O
interest O

what O
1991 B-Year
animated B-Genre
disney I-Genre
movie O
tells B-Plot
the I-Plot
tale I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
love I-Plot
story I-Plot
between I-Plot
two I-Plot
unlikely I-Plot
lovers I-Plot

what O
1991 B-Year
family B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
featuring O
steve B-Actor
martin I-Actor
and O
diane B-Actor
keaton I-Actor
was O
a O
remake B-Relationship
of O
a O
spencer B-Relationship
tracy I-Relationship
classic I-Relationship

what O
1991 B-Year
movie O
featured O
jessica B-Actor
tandy I-Actor
in O
her O
best B-Award
supporting I-Award
actress I-Award
oscar I-Award
winning O
role O
of O
ninny B-Character_Name
threadgoode I-Character_Name

what O
1991 B-Year
musical B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
characters I-Plot
janet B-Character_Name
and B-Plot
brad B-Character_Name
as B-Plot
they I-Plot
become I-Plot
game I-Plot
show I-Plot
contestants I-Plot

what O
1992 B-Year
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
movie O
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
retired I-Plot
old I-Plot
west I-Plot
gunslinger I-Plot
who I-Plot
reluctantly I-Plot
takes I-Plot
one I-Plot
last I-Plot
job I-Plot

what O
1992 B-Year
neil B-Director
jordan I-Director
dramatic B-Genre
movie O
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
british I-Plot
soldier I-Plot
kidnapped I-Plot
by I-Plot
ira I-Plot
terrorists I-Plot

what O
1993 B-Year
drama B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
steven B-Director
speilberg I-Director
featured O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
as O
schindler B-Character_Name
in B-Plot
nazi I-Plot
germany I-Plot

what O
1993 B-Year
film O
won O
anna B-Actor
paquin I-Actor
then O
eleven O
the B-Award
academy I-Award
award I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
supporting I-Award
actress I-Award

what O
1993 B-Year
jane B-Director
campion I-Director
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered O
on O
a O
mute B-Plot
woman I-Plot
lusted I-Plot
after I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
local I-Plot
worker I-Plot

what O
1993 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
winner I-Award
featured O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
ralph I-Actor
fiennes I-Actor
and O
ben B-Actor
kingsley I-Actor

what O
1993 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
movie O
starred O
sam B-Actor
neill I-Actor
laura I-Actor
dern I-Actor
jeff I-Actor
goldblum I-Actor
and O
richard B-Actor
attenborough I-Actor

what O
1993 B-Year
wayne B-Director
wang I-Director
film O
shared O
the B-Plot
life I-Plot
histories I-Plot
of I-Plot
four I-Plot
asian I-Plot
women I-Plot
and I-Plot
their I-Plot
daughters I-Plot

what O
1994 B-Year
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
film O
was O
partially O
shot O
on O
location O
in O
the O
florida O
keys O
u O
s O
a O

what O
1994 B-Year
jan B-Director
de I-Director
bont I-Director
thriller B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
cop I-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
keep I-Plot
a I-Plot
bomb I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
bus I-Plot
from I-Plot
exploding I-Plot

what O
1994 B-Year
lawrence B-Director
kasdan I-Director
biopic B-Genre
starred O
kevin B-Actor
costner I-Actor
dennis I-Actor
quaid I-Actor
gene I-Actor
hackman I-Actor
and O
david B-Actor
andrews I-Actor

what O
1994 B-Year
robert B-Director
redford I-Director
oscar B-Award
nominated I-Award
movie O
starred O
ralph B-Actor
fiennes I-Actor
john I-Actor
turturro I-Actor
and O
rob B-Actor
morrow I-Actor

what O
1995 B-Year
chick B-Genre
flick I-Genre
starred O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
as O
photographer B-Plot
robert B-Character_Name
kincaid I-Character_Name
and O
meryl B-Actor
streep I-Actor
as O
his B-Plot
short O
lived O
love O
interest O

what O
1995 B-Year
dark B-Genre
crime I-Genre
movie O
paired O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
as O
a O
veteran B-Plot
detective I-Plot
with O
bradd B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
as O
a O
rookie B-Plot

what O
1995 B-Year
family B-Genre
film O
centers O
around O
a O
pig B-Plot
raised I-Plot
by I-Plot
sheep I-Plot
dogs I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
little I-Plot
help I-Plot
from I-Plot
farmer I-Plot
hoggett I-Plot

what O
1995 B-Year
japanese B-Genre
anime I-Genre
science I-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
manga I-Origin
by I-Origin
masamune I-Origin
shirow I-Origin

what O
1995 B-Year
jerry B-Director
zuker I-Director
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
features O
sean B-Actor
connery I-Actor
richard I-Actor
gere I-Actor
and O
julia B-Actor
ormond I-Actor

what O
1995 B-Year
john B-Director
lasseter I-Director
animated B-Genre
family I-Genre
film O
featured O
the O
voices O
of O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
and O
tim B-Actor
allen I-Actor

what O
1995 B-Year
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
biopic B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
greed I-Plot
deception I-Plot
money I-Plot
power I-Plot
and I-Plot
murder I-Plot
between I-Plot
two I-Plot
mobster I-Plot
best I-Plot
friends I-Plot

what O
1995 B-Year
movie O
centers O
on O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
run I-Plot
after I-Plot
committing I-Plot
murder I-Plot
who I-Plot
takes I-Plot
a I-Plot
journey I-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
spiritual I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
1995 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
pairs O
kevin B-Actor
kline I-Actor
with O
meg B-Actor
ryan I-Actor
who O
also O
produced O
the O
film O

what O
1995 B-Year
tim B-Actor
robbins I-Actor
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actress I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
for O
susan B-Actor
sarandon I-Actor

what O
1996 B-Year
billy B-Actor
bob I-Actor
thornton I-Actor
movie O
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
lifelong I-Plot
hospitalized I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
released I-Plot
to I-Plot
start I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
life I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot

what O
1996 B-Year
cameron B-Director
crowe I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
showcased O
cuba B-Actor
gooding I-Actor
jr I-Actor
s O
character O
shouting O
show B-Plot
me I-Plot
the I-Plot
money I-Plot

what O
1996 B-Year
ethan B-Director
and O
joel B-Director
coen I-Director
movie O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actress I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
for O
frances B-Actor
mcdormand I-Actor

what O
1996 B-Year
family B-Genre
movie I-Genre
depicts O
paul B-Actor
hogan I-Actor
as O
sandy B-Character_Name
ricks I-Character_Name
and O
elijah B-Actor
wood I-Actor
as O
his O
troubled B-Plot
nephew I-Plot

what O
1996 B-Year
mike B-Director
nichols I-Director
film O
portrayed O
robin B-Actor
williams I-Actor
and O
nathan B-Actor
lane I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
miami I-Plot
based I-Plot
gay I-Plot
couple I-Plot

what O
1997 B-Year
hit O
contained O
the O
famous O
quote O
i B-Quote
m I-Quote
the I-Quote
king I-Quote
of I-Quote
the I-Quote
world I-Quote

what O
1997 B-Year
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
film O
featured O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
exclaiming O
i O
m B-Quote
the I-Quote
king I-Quote
of I-Quote
the I-Quote
world I-Quote

what O
1997 B-Year
john B-Director
woo I-Director
thriller B-Genre
featured O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
and O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
as O
men B-Plot
who I-Plot
undergo I-Plot
a I-Plot
revolutionary I-Plot
medical I-Plot
technique I-Plot

what O
1998 B-Year
movie O
features O
robert B-Actor
deniro I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
freelance I-Plot
former I-Plot
us I-Plot
intelligence I-Plot
agent I-Plot
tracking I-Plot
down I-Plot
a I-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
package I-Plot

what O
1998 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starring O
gwyneth B-Actor
paltrow I-Actor
beat O
out O
saving O
private O
ryan O
to O
win O
the O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
picture I-Award

what O
1998 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
war B-Genre
film O
starred O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
matt I-Actor
damon I-Actor
edward I-Actor
burns I-Actor
and O
tom B-Actor
sizemore I-Actor

what O
1999 B-Year
action B-Genre
flick O
starred O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor
and O
also O
had O
the O
famous O
musician O
meat B-Actor
loaf I-Actor

what O
1999 B-Year
film O
stars O
nicholas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
as B-Plot
an I-Plot
ambulance I-Plot
paramedic I-Plot
struggling I-Plot
to I-Plot
keep I-Plot
his I-Plot
sanity I-Plot

what O
1999 B-Year
julie B-Director
taymor I-Director
historical B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
is O
a O
film B-Origin
adaptation I-Origin
of I-Origin
a I-Origin
william I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
play I-Origin

what O
1999 B-Year
mike B-Director
judge I-Director
comedy B-Genre
starred O
ron B-Actor
livingston I-Actor
jennifer I-Actor
aniston I-Actor
david I-Actor
herman I-Actor
and O
diedrich B-Actor
bader I-Actor

what O
1999 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
stephen I-Origin
king I-Origin
novel I-Origin
is O
about O
the B-Plot
lives I-Plot
of I-Plot
guards I-Plot
on I-Plot
death I-Plot
row I-Plot

what O
1999 B-Year
movie O
found O
haley B-Actor
joel I-Actor
osment I-Actor
as O
cole B-Character_Name
sear I-Character_Name
a B-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
communicated I-Plot
with I-Plot
spirits I-Plot

what O
1999 B-Year
oliver B-Director
stone I-Director
sports B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
dennis I-Actor
quaid I-Actor
cameron I-Actor
diaz I-Actor
and O
james B-Actor
woods I-Actor

what O
1999 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
computer I-Plot
hacker I-Plot
who I-Plot
learns I-Plot
about I-Plot
reality I-Plot
from I-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
rebels I-Plot

what O
2000 B-Year
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
movie O
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
leading I-Award
actor I-Award
oscar I-Award
win I-Award
for O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
and O
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
win I-Award

what O
2001 B-Year
animated B-Genre
drama I-Genre
depicts O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
shuffling I-Plot
through I-Plot
a I-Plot
dream I-Plot
where I-Plot
he I-Plot
meets I-Plot
different I-Plot
people I-Plot

what O
2001 B-Year
garry B-Director
marshall I-Director
film O
features O
julie B-Actor
andrews I-Actor
and O
anne B-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
in O
the O
title O
roles O

what O
2001 B-Year
peter B-Director
jackson I-Director
movie O
features O
elijah B-Actor
wood I-Actor
and O
is O
based B-Origin
off I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
j I-Origin
r I-Origin
r I-Origin
tolkien I-Origin
book I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin

what O
2001 B-Year
pixar B-Director
animated B-Genre
movie O
stars O
kevin B-Actor
spacey I-Actor
as O
the O
voice O
of O
a O
misfit B-Plot
ant I-Plot

what O
2002 B-Year
biographical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
directed O
by O
roman B-Director
polanski I-Director
is O
about O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
musician I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
survive I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
warsaw I-Plot
ghetto I-Plot

what O
2002 B-Year
sam B-Director
mendes I-Director
film O
featured O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
as O
a O
hitman O
and O
paul B-Actor
newman I-Actor
as O
his O
mentor O
and O
boss O

what O
2004 B-Year
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
biopic B-Genre
garnered O
a O
best B-Award
supporting I-Award
actress I-Award
oscar I-Award
win O
for O
cate B-Actor
blanchett I-Actor

what O
2005 B-Year
documentary B-Genre
tells O
the O
story O
of O
danny B-Plot
trejo I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
troubled I-Plot
childhood I-Plot
through I-Plot
present I-Plot
day I-Plot

what O
2005 B-Year
james B-Director
mangold I-Director
biopic B-Genre
centered O
around O
the B-Plot
lives I-Plot
of I-Plot
johnny I-Plot
cash I-Plot
and I-Plot
june I-Plot
carter I-Plot
cash I-Plot

what O
2005 B-Year
ron B-Director
howard I-Director
biopic B-Genre
tells O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
james B-Character_Name
braddock I-Character_Name
a B-Plot
washed I-Plot
up I-Plot
boxer I-Plot
who I-Plot
came I-Plot
back I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
champion I-Plot

what O
2006 B-Year
movie O
takes O
place O
in O
turn O
of O
the O
century O
vienna O
where O
a B-Plot
magician I-Plot
uses I-Plot
his I-Plot
abilities I-Plot
to I-Plot
secure I-Plot
the I-Plot
love I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
2007 B-Year
biopic B-Genre
is O
about O
the O
story O
of O
jean B-Character_Name
dominique I-Character_Name
bauby I-Character_Name
and O
his B-Plot
trouble I-Plot
with I-Plot
locked I-Plot
in I-Plot
syndrome I-Plot

what O
2007 B-Year
parody B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
made B-Plot
fun I-Plot
of I-Plot
everyone I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
jonas I-Plot
brothers I-Plot
tiger I-Plot
woods I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
twilight I-Plot
series I-Plot

what O
2007 B-Year
sports B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
shimit B-Director
amin I-Director
is O
about O
indian B-Plot
field I-Plot
hockey I-Plot
players I-Plot

what O
2008 B-Year
disney B-Director
pixar I-Director
classic B-Genre
shows O
the B-Plot
adventure I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
lonely I-Plot
waste I-Plot
collecting I-Plot
robot I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
journey I-Plot
in I-Plot
outer I-Plot
space I-Plot

what O
2008 B-Year
dreamworks B-Director
computer B-Genre
animated I-Genre
martial I-Genre
arts I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
the O
voices O
of O
jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
and O
angelina B-Actor
jolie I-Actor

what O
2008 B-Year
japanese B-Genre
animated I-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
film O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
hayao B-Director
miyazaki I-Director
is O
about O
brunhilde B-Character_Name
the B-Plot
fish I-Plot
girl I-Plot

what O
2009 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O
takes O
place B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
year I-Plot
2019 I-Plot
when I-Plot
a I-Plot
plague I-Plot
has I-Plot
transformed I-Plot
almost I-Plot
every I-Plot
human I-Plot
into I-Plot
vampires I-Plot

what O
2009 B-Year
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
film O
starred O
sam B-Actor
worthington I-Actor
zoe I-Actor
saldana I-Actor
stephen I-Actor
lang I-Actor
and O
sigourney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor

what O
2009 B-Year
rob B-Director
zombie I-Director
horror B-Genre
movie O
centers O
around O
character O
laurie B-Character_Name
strode I-Character_Name
and O
her O
brother O
michael B-Character_Name

what O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
stars O
tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor
as O
a O
troubled B-Plot
spy I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
film O
starring O
danny B-Actor
trejo I-Actor
is O
a O
continuation B-Relationship
of I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
trailer I-Relationship
from O
quentin O
tarantino O
s O
film B-Relationship
grindhouse I-Relationship

what O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
movie I-Genre
features O
angelina B-Actor
jolie I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
cia I-Plot
agent I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
run I-Plot
after I-Plot
being I-Plot
accused I-Plot
of I-Plot
being I-Plot
a I-Plot
russian I-Plot
spy I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
allen B-Director
coulter I-Director
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered B-Plot
on I-Plot
two I-Plot
new I-Plot
lovers I-Plot
played O
by O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
and O
emilie B-Actor
de I-Actor
ravin I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
supernatural I-Genre
film O
featured O
a O
group B-Plot
of I-Plot
strangers I-Plot
including I-Plot
arch I-Plot
angel I-Plot
micheal B-Character_Name
fighting B-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
fate I-Plot
of I-Plot
humanity I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
andy B-Origin
tennant I-Origin
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
gerard I-Actor
butler I-Actor
gio I-Actor
perez I-Actor
and O
joel B-Actor
garland I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
animated B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
criminal I-Plot
mastermind I-Plot
who I-Plot
uses I-Plot
a I-Plot
trio I-Plot
of I-Plot
girls I-Plot
as I-Plot
pawns I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
grand I-Plot
scheme I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
brian B-Director
levant I-Director
film O
starred O
jackie B-Actor
chan I-Actor
amber I-Actor
valletta I-Actor
billy I-Actor
ray I-Actor
cyrus I-Actor
and O
madeline B-Actor
carroll I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
is O
about O
a B-Plot
record I-Plot
company I-Plot
intern I-Plot
hired I-Plot
to I-Plot
accompany I-Plot
an I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
control I-Plot
british I-Plot
rock I-Plot
star I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
drama B-Genre
centered O
on O
the O
efforts B-Plot
of I-Plot
joan B-Character_Name
and I-Character_Name
aileen I-Character_Name
crowley I-Character_Name
to B-Plot
find I-Plot
a I-Plot
researcher I-Plot
who I-Plot
might I-Plot
develop I-Plot
a I-Plot
cure I-Plot
for I-Plot
their I-Plot
children I-Plot
s I-Plot
rare I-Plot
genetic I-Plot
disorder I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
film O
stars O
jay B-Actor
baruchel I-Actor
in O
the O
titular O
role O
and O
nicholas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
as O
his O
mentor O

what O
2010 B-Year
garry B-Director
marshall I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
julia B-Actor
roberts I-Actor
jamie I-Actor
foxx I-Actor
anne I-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
and O
jessica B-Actor
alba I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
horror B-Genre
sequal B-Relationship
shows O
the B-Plot
haunting I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
home I-Plot
in I-Plot
carlsbad I-Plot
california I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
horror B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
troubled I-Plot
evangelical I-Plot
minister I-Plot
agreeing I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
filmed I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
documentary I-Plot
crew I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
james B-Director
mangold I-Director
film O
is O
the O
story B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
mixed I-Plot
up I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
spy I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
clear I-Plot
his I-Plot
name I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
jay B-Director
roach I-Director
comedy B-Genre
starred O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
paul I-Actor
rudd I-Actor
stephanie I-Actor
szostak I-Actor
and O
zack B-Actor
galifiankis I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
jim B-Director
field I-Director
smith I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
jay B-Actor
baruchel I-Actor
alice I-Actor
eve I-Actor
t I-Actor
j I-Actor
miller I-Actor
and O
mike B-Actor
vogel I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
jon B-Director
turteltaub I-Director
movie O
starred O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
jay I-Actor
baruchel I-Actor
alfred I-Actor
molina I-Actor
and O
teresa B-Actor
palmer I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
jorma B-Director
taccone I-Director
action B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
will B-Actor
forte I-Actor
kristen I-Actor
wiig I-Actor
val I-Actor
kilmer I-Actor
and O
ryan B-Actor
phillippe I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
los O
angeles O
based O
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
features O
eric B-Actor
balfor I-Actor
donald I-Actor
faison I-Actor
brittany I-Actor
daniel I-Actor
and O
scottie B-Actor
thompson I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
mike B-Director
mitchell I-Director
animated B-Genre
film I-Genre
starred O
the O
voices O
of O
mike B-Actor
myers I-Actor
cameron I-Actor
diaz I-Actor
and O
eddie B-Actor
murphy I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
monster B-Genre
film I-Genre
directed O
by O
joe B-Director
johnston I-Director
won O
an O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
makeup I-Award

what O
2010 B-Year
movie O
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
inhabitants I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
iowa I-Plot
town I-Plot
plagued I-Plot
by I-Plot
insanity I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
movie O
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
cia I-Plot
special I-Plot
forces I-Plot
team I-Plot
that I-Plot
was I-Plot
betrayed I-Plot
and I-Plot
left I-Plot
for I-Plot
dead I-Plot
by I-Plot
their I-Plot
superiors I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
movie O
features O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
1973 I-Plot
triple I-Plot
crown I-Plot
winner I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
movie O
featuring O
diane B-Actor
lane I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
malkovich I-Actor
used O
the O
tag O
line O
the O
impossible O
true O
story O

what O
2010 B-Year
movie O
finds O
superhero B-Plot
alter I-Plot
ego I-Plot
tony B-Character_Name
stark I-Character_Name
once B-Plot
again I-Plot
battling I-Plot
evil I-Plot
and I-Plot
saving I-Plot
the I-Plot
day I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
paul B-Director
w I-Director
s I-Director
anderson I-Director
movie O
features O
milla B-Actor
jovovich I-Actor
out B-Plot
to I-Plot
destroy I-Plot
the I-Plot
umbrella I-Plot
corporation I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
peter B-Director
weir I-Director
historical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
jim B-Actor
sturgess I-Actor
ed I-Actor
harris I-Actor
colin I-Actor
farrell I-Actor
and O
mark B-Actor
strong I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
peter B-Director
weir I-Director
movie O
features O
siberian B-Plot
gulag I-Plot
escapees I-Plot
walking I-Plot
over I-Plot
land I-Plot
4 I-Plot
000 I-Plot
miles I-Plot
to I-Plot
freedom I-Plot
in I-Plot
india I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
rob B-Director
reiner I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
depicts O
two B-Plot
totally I-Plot
opposite I-Plot
eighth I-Plot
graders I-Plot
as I-Plot
they I-Plot
start I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
feeling I-Plot
for I-Plot
one I-Plot
another I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
robert B-Director
luketic I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
katherine B-Actor
heigl I-Actor
ashton I-Actor
kutcher I-Actor
tom I-Actor
selleck I-Actor
and O
catherine B-Actor
o I-Actor
hara I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
robert B-Director
redford I-Director
historic B-Genre
crime I-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
robin B-Actor
wright I-Actor
james I-Actor
mcavoy I-Actor
and O
tom B-Actor
wilkinson I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
robert B-Director
schwentke I-Director
film O
starred O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
helen I-Actor
mirren I-Actor
morgan I-Actor
freeman I-Actor
and O
mary B-Actor
louise I-Actor
parker I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centered O
around O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
s I-Plot
realization I-Plot
that I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
the I-Plot
sperm I-Plot
donor I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
best I-Plot
friend I-Plot
s I-Plot
son I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centered O
on O
a B-Plot
guy I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
cross I-Plot
country I-Plot
relationship I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers O
around O
two B-Plot
single I-Plot
adults I-Plot
becoming I-Plot
caregivers I-Plot
to I-Plot
an I-Plot
orphaned I-Plot
girl I-Plot
when I-Plot
their I-Plot
mutual I-Plot
best I-Plot
friends I-Plot
die I-Plot
in I-Plot
an I-Plot
accident I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
depicts O
a B-Plot
physical I-Plot
therapist I-Plot
falling I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
basketball I-Plot
player I-Plot
she I-Plot
is I-Plot
helping I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
a B-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot
couple I-Plot
turning I-Plot
their I-Plot
usually I-Plot
dull I-Plot
lives I-Plot
in I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
few I-Plot
thrills I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
anne B-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
as O
maggie B-Character_Name
murdock I-Character_Name
and O
jake B-Actor
gyllenhaal I-Actor
as O
jamie B-Character_Name
randall I-Character_Name

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
america B-Actor
ferrera I-Actor
forest I-Actor
whitaker I-Actor
carlos I-Actor
mencia I-Actor
lance I-Actor
gross I-Actor
and O
regina B-Actor
king I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
crime I-Genre
drama I-Genre
features O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
and O
elizabeth B-Actor
banks I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
married I-Plot
couple I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
stars O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
angelina I-Actor
jolie I-Actor
paul I-Actor
bettany I-Actor
timothy I-Actor
dalton I-Actor
and O
steven B-Actor
berkoff I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
movie O
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
son I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
virtual I-Plot
world I-Plot
designer I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
looking I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
sequel B-Relationship
does O
michael B-Actor
douglas I-Actor
reprise O
his O
role O
as O
gordon B-Character_Name
gekko I-Character_Name
the O
infamous O
broker O
who O
coined O
greed B-Quote
is I-Quote
good I-Quote

what O
2010 B-Year
spy B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
featuring O
jackie B-Actor
chan I-Actor
who O
plays O
a O
retired B-Plot
spy I-Plot
and I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
next I-Plot
door I-Plot
neighbor I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
1954 I-Plot
finds O
u B-Plot
s I-Plot
marshal I-Plot
teddy B-Character_Name
daniels I-Character_Name
investigating B-Plot
the I-Plot
disappearance I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
murderess I-Plot
who I-Plot
escaped I-Plot
a I-Plot
mental I-Plot
hospital I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
starring O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
features O
a B-Plot
community I-Plot
college I-Plot
professor I-Plot
attempting I-Plot
to I-Plot
break I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
prison I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
stars O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
u I-Plot
s I-Plot
army I-Plot
officer I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
rogue I-Plot
after I-Plot
discovering I-Plot
covert I-Plot
and I-Plot
faulty I-Plot
intelligence I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
tony B-Director
scott I-Director
action B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
film O
featured O
actors O
denzel B-Actor
washington I-Actor
rosario I-Actor
dawson I-Actor
and O
chris B-Actor
pine I-Actor

what O
2010 B-Year
tyler B-Director
perry I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
finds O
four B-Plot
couples I-Plot
again I-Plot
struggling I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
their I-Plot
marriages I-Plot
at I-Plot
their I-Plot
annual I-Plot
retreat I-Plot

what O
2010 B-Year
wes B-Director
craven I-Director
horror B-Genre
film O
features O
a B-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
returning I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
hometown I-Plot
to I-Plot
stalk I-Plot
children I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
shows O
a B-Plot
16 I-Plot
year I-Plot
old I-Plot
girl I-Plot
raised I-Plot
by I-Plot
her I-Plot
father I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
the I-Plot
perfect I-Plot
assassin I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
action B-Genre
film O
featured O
a B-Plot
futuristic I-Plot
holy I-Plot
man I-Plot
battling I-Plot
vampires I-Plot
on I-Plot
behalf I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
totalitarion I-Plot
organization I-Plot
known I-Plot
as I-Plot
the I-Plot
church I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
adventure B-Genre
drama I-Genre
depicted B-Plot
six I-Plot
oil I-Plot
workers I-Plot
led I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
skilled I-Plot
huntsman I-Plot
after I-Plot
their I-Plot
plane I-Plot
crashed I-Plot
in I-Plot
alaska I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
featured O
a B-Plot
small I-Plot
family I-Plot
moving I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
19 I-Plot
th I-Plot
century I-Plot
rhode I-Plot
island I-Plot
mansion I-Plot
only I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
their I-Plot
daughter I-Plot
witnessing I-Plot
paranormal I-Plot
activity I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
animated B-Genre
movie O
features O
the O
voices O
of O
seth B-Actor
green I-Actor
joan I-Actor
cusack I-Actor
and O
dan B-Actor
fogler I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
animated B-Genre
movie O
starred O
the O
voices O
of O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
isla I-Actor
fisher I-Actor
timothy I-Actor
olyphant I-Actor
and O
abigail B-Actor
breslin I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
bill B-Director
condon I-Director
directed O
fantasy B-Genre
movie O
featured O
kristen B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
robert I-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
and O
taylor B-Actor
lautner I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
cameron B-Director
crowe I-Director
family B-Genre
film O
set O
in O
southern O
california O
depicts B-Plot
a I-Plot
father I-Plot
moving I-Plot
his I-Plot
young I-Plot
family I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
countryside I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
cameron B-Director
crowe I-Director
family B-Genre
film O
starred O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
scarlett I-Actor
johansson I-Actor
and O
thomas B-Actor
haden I-Actor
church I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
carlos B-Director
saldanha I-Director
animated B-Genre
movie O
starred O
the O
voices O
of O
jesse B-Actor
eisenberg I-Actor
anne I-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
and O
george B-Actor
lopez I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
charles B-Director
martin I-Director
smith I-Director
family B-Genre
movie O
featured O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
ashley I-Actor
judd I-Actor
and O
harry B-Actor
connick I-Actor
jr I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
to I-Plot
represent I-Plot
his I-Plot
company I-Plot
at I-Plot
an I-Plot
annual I-Plot
insurance I-Plot
convention I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
features O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
peeing I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
fountain I-Plot
when I-Plot
lightning I-Plot
strikes I-Plot
and I-Plot
makes I-Plot
them I-Plot
switch I-Plot
bodies I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
crime B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered O
around O
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
playing B-Plot
a I-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
hollywood I-Plot
stuntman I-Plot
and I-Plot
mechanic I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
crime B-Genre
movie I-Genre
features O
ryan B-Actor
phillippe I-Actor
as O
louis B-Character_Name
roulet I-Character_Name
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
foolproof I-Plot
plan I-Plot
to I-Plot
beat I-Plot
the I-Plot
system I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
dc O
comic B-Genre
superhero I-Genre
movie O
is O
focused O
on O
an B-Plot
alien I-Plot
ring I-Plot
giving I-Plot
a I-Plot
test I-Plot
pilot I-Plot
superpowers I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
dennis B-Director
dugan I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
jennifer I-Actor
aniston I-Actor
nicole I-Actor
kidman I-Actor
and O
brooklyn B-Actor
decker I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
dominic B-Director
sena I-Director
movie O
starred O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
ron I-Actor
perlman I-Actor
claire I-Actor
foy I-Actor
and O
stephen B-Actor
campbell I-Actor
moore I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
romance I-Genre
film O
with O
the O
tag O
line O
love B-Quote
is I-Quote
never I-Quote
ugly I-Quote
featured O
alex B-Actor
pettyfer I-Actor
and O
vanessa B-Actor
hudgens I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
farrelly B-Director
brothers I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
two I-Plot
husbands I-Plot
having I-Plot
difficulties I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
marriages I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
film O
stars O
anne B-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
and O
jim B-Actor
sturgess I-Actor
and O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
david I-Origin
nicholls I-Origin

what O
2011 B-Year
gary B-Director
mckendry I-Director
thriller B-Genre
features O
jason B-Actor
statham I-Actor
clive I-Actor
owen I-Actor
robert I-Actor
deniro I-Actor
and O
dominic B-Actor
purcell I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
horror B-Genre
flick O
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
two I-Plot
young I-Plot
sisters I-Plot
who I-Plot
befriend I-Plot
an I-Plot
invisible I-Plot
entity I-Plot
residing I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
home I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
horror B-Genre
movie O
featured O
an O
american B-Plot
seminary I-Plot
student I-Plot
who I-Plot
travels I-Plot
to I-Plot
italy I-Plot
to I-Plot
take I-Plot
an I-Plot
exorcism I-Plot
course I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
independent B-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
stars O
elizabeth B-Actor
olsen I-Actor
and O
is O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
haunted I-Plot
by I-Plot
her I-Plot
parent I-Plot
s I-Plot
abuse I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
j B-Director
j I-Director
abrams I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
finds O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
friends I-Plot
witnessing I-Plot
a I-Plot
train I-Plot
crash I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
summer I-Plot
of I-Plot
1979 I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
john B-Director
singleton I-Director
movie O
depicts O
taylor B-Actor
lautner I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
sets I-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
uncover I-Plot
the I-Plot
truth I-Plot
about I-Plot
his I-Plot
life I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
jonathan B-Director
levine I-Director
film O
was O
inspired B-Origin
by I-Origin
a I-Origin
true I-Origin
story I-Origin
and O
centered B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
guy I-Plot
who I-Plot
learns I-Plot
he I-Plot
has I-Plot
cancer I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
luke B-Director
greenfield I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
ginnifer B-Actor
goodwin I-Actor
kate I-Actor
hudson I-Actor
colin I-Actor
egglesfield I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
krasinski I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
mark B-Director
mylod I-Director
directed O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
anna B-Actor
faris I-Actor
and O
chris B-Actor
evans I-Actor
in O
the O
starring O
roles O

what O
2011 B-Year
martin B-Director
scorses I-Director
family B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
is O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
1930 I-Plot
s I-Plot
paris I-Plot
and I-Plot
centers I-Plot
on I-Plot
an I-Plot
orphan I-Plot
living I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
train I-Plot
station I-Plot
s I-Plot
walls I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
michael B-Director
dowse I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
topher B-Actor
grace I-Actor
anna I-Actor
faris I-Actor
dan I-Actor
fogler I-Actor
and O
teresa B-Actor
palmer I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
movie O
finds O
an O
aspiring B-Plot
author I-Plot
detailing I-Plot
the I-Plot
african I-Plot
american I-Plot
maids I-Plot
point I-Plot
of I-Plot
view I-Plot
on I-Plot
white I-Plot
families I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
1960 I-Plot
s I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
movie O
has O
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
and O
eddie B-Actor
murphy I-Actor
climbing B-Plot
a I-Plot
tall I-Plot
structure I-Plot
to I-Plot
steal I-Plot
something I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
movie O
stars O
bradley B-Actor
cooper I-Actor
as O
writer O
eddie B-Character_Name
morra I-Character_Name
who O
discovers B-Plot
a I-Plot
top I-Plot
secret I-Plot
drug I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
political B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
george B-Actor
clooney I-Actor
and O
paul B-Actor
giamatti I-Actor
and O
was O
directed O
by O
george B-Director
clooney I-Director

what O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers O
around O
a O
husband B-Plot
s I-Plot
life I-Plot
change I-Plot
after I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
asks I-Plot
him I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
divorce I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
featured O
kristen B-Actor
wiig I-Actor
maya I-Actor
rudolph I-Actor
rose I-Actor
byrne I-Actor
melissa I-Actor
mccarthy I-Actor
and O
jill B-Actor
clayburgh I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
ron B-Director
howard I-Director
comedy B-Genre
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
discovering I-Plot
that I-Plot
his I-Plot
best I-Plot
friend I-Plot
s I-Plot
wife I-Plot
is I-Plot
having I-Plot
an I-Plot
affair I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
action I-Genre
movie O
features O
justin B-Actor
timberlake I-Actor
and O
amanda B-Actor
seyfried I-Actor
in B-Plot
a I-Plot
future I-Plot
where I-Plot
people I-Plot
stop I-Plot
aging I-Plot
at I-Plot
25 I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
starred O
ryan B-Actor
reynolds I-Actor
blake I-Actor
lively I-Actor
peter I-Actor
sarsgaard I-Actor
mark I-Actor
strong I-Actor
and O
tim B-Actor
robbins I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
had O
the O
tag O
line O
there B-Quote
s I-Quote
a I-Quote
reason I-Quote
we I-Quote
ve I-Quote
never I-Quote
gone I-Quote
back I-Quote
to I-Quote
the I-Quote
moon I-Quote

what O
2011 B-Year
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
movie O
features O
jeremy B-Actor
irvine I-Actor
peter I-Actor
mullan I-Actor
emily I-Actor
watson I-Actor
and O
david B-Actor
thewlis I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
superhero B-Genre
film I-Genre
involves O
the O
god B-Plot
of I-Plot
thunder I-Plot
being I-Plot
striped I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
power I-Plot
and I-Plot
exiled I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
fairy I-Origin
tail I-Origin
features O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
named O
valerie B-Character_Name
and B-Plot
her I-Plot
love I-Plot
peter B-Character_Name

what O
2011 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
centered O
around O
character O
dominic B-Character_Name
toretto I-Character_Name
and O
his B-Plot
crew I-Plot
of I-Plot
street I-Plot
racers I-Plot
planning I-Plot
a I-Plot
massive I-Plot
heist I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
features O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
vengeful I-Plot
father I-Plot
chasing I-Plot
after I-Plot
the I-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
killed I-Plot
his I-Plot
daughter I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
finds B-Plot
college I-Plot
student I-Plot
sara I-Plot
the I-Plot
victim I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
dangerous I-Plot
and I-Plot
violent I-Plot
obsession I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
wes B-Director
craven I-Director
horror B-Genre
flick O
finds O
sidney B-Actor
prescott I-Actor
visited B-Plot
again I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
ghostface I-Plot
killer I-Plot

what O
2011 B-Year
will B-Director
gluck I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
mila B-Actor
kunis I-Actor
justin I-Actor
timberlake I-Actor
jenna I-Actor
elfman I-Actor
and O
patricia B-Actor
clarkson I-Actor

what O
2011 B-Year
woody B-Director
allen I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
owen B-Actor
wilson I-Actor
rachel I-Actor
mcadams I-Actor
kurt I-Actor
fuller I-Actor
and O
kathy B-Actor
bates I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
cia I-Plot
agent I-Plot
tasked I-Plot
with I-Plot
looking I-Plot
after I-Plot
a I-Plot
fugitive I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
movie O
depicted O
a B-Plot
homicide I-Plot
detective I-Plot
pushed I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
brink I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
moral I-Plot
and I-Plot
physical I-Plot
limits I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
andrew B-Director
dominik I-Director
thriller B-Genre
starred O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
ray I-Actor
liotta I-Actor
richard I-Actor
jenkins I-Actor
and O
james B-Actor
gandolfini I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
ben B-Director
affleck I-Director
movie O
depicts B-Plot
a I-Plot
dramatization I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
1980 I-Plot
operation I-Plot
to I-Plot
free I-Plot
american I-Plot
hostages I-Plot
in I-Plot
iran I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
bradley B-Director
parker I-Director
horror B-Genre
film O
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
six I-Plot
tourists I-Plot
who I-Plot
hire I-Plot
a I-Plot
tour I-Plot
guide I-Plot
to I-Plot
take I-Plot
them I-Plot
to I-Plot
an I-Plot
abandoned I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
biology I-Plot
teacher I-Plot
who I-Plot
looks I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
successful I-Plot
mixed I-Plot
martial I-Plot
arts I-Plot
fighter I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
featured O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
father I-Plot
and O
andy B-Actor
samberg I-Actor
as O
his B-Plot
son I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
is O
about O
three B-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
seniors I-Plot
throwing I-Plot
a I-Plot
birthday I-Plot
party I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
a I-Plot
name I-Plot
for I-Plot
themselves I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
starred O
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
vince I-Actor
vaughn I-Actor
jonah I-Actor
hill I-Actor
richard I-Actor
ayoade I-Actor
and O
rosemarie B-Actor
dewitt I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
stars O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
jennifer I-Actor
anniston I-Actor
about O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
who I-Plot
experiment I-Plot
by I-Plot
living I-Plot
the I-Plot
rural I-Plot
life I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
was O
based O
on O
the O
1994 B-Origin
novel I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
by I-Origin
janet I-Origin
evanovich I-Origin

what O
2012 B-Year
film O
by O
peter B-Director
jackson I-Director
goes O
back B-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
original I-Plot
story I-Plot
of O
bilbo B-Character_Name
told O
by B-Origin
j I-Origin
r I-Origin
r I-Origin
tolkien I-Origin

what O
2012 B-Year
film O
reunited O
director O
martin B-Director
mcdonagh I-Director
with O
the O
star O
of O
his B-Relationship
previous I-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
bruges I-Relationship
colin B-Actor
farrell I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
film O
stars O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
plane I-Plot
crash I-Plot
victim I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
evade I-Plot
a I-Plot
pack I-Plot
of I-Plot
wolves I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
gabriele B-Director
muccino I-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
gerard B-Actor
butler I-Actor
jessica I-Actor
biel I-Actor
dennis I-Actor
quaid I-Actor
and O
catherine B-Actor
zeta I-Actor
jones I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
william B-Director
brent I-Director
bell I-Director
was O
championed O
by O
lorenzo O
di O
bonaventura O

what O
2012 B-Year
horror B-Genre
movie O
features O
elisabeth B-Actor
shue I-Actor
as O
a B-Actor
mother B-Plot
to B-Actor
jennifer I-Actor
lawrence I-Actor
who O
move B-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
town I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
larry B-Director
charles I-Director
comedy B-Genre
features O
sacha B-Actor
baron I-Actor
cohen I-Actor
anna I-Actor
faris I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
c I-Actor
reilly I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
martial B-Genre
arts I-Genre
film O
starring O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
was O
directed O
by O
rapper O
and O
music O
producer O
the O
rza B-Director

what O
2012 B-Year
mcg B-Director
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
two I-Plot
top I-Plot
cia I-Plot
operatives I-Plot
who I-Plot
wage I-Plot
an I-Plot
epic I-Plot
battle I-Plot
against I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
when I-Plot
they I-Plot
discover I-Plot
they I-Plot
are I-Plot
dating I-Plot
the I-Plot
same I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
michael B-Director
sucsy I-Director
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starred O
rachel B-Actor
mcadams I-Actor
channing I-Actor
tatum I-Actor
sam I-Actor
neill I-Actor
and O
jessica B-Actor
lange I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
popular I-Origin
comic I-Origin
series I-Origin
is O
about O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
given I-Plot
super I-Plot
powers I-Plot
and O
stars O
andrew B-Actor
garfield I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
movie O
features O
jennifer B-Actor
garner I-Actor
and O
joel B-Actor
edgerton I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
childless I-Plot
couple I-Plot
wishing I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
baby I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
movie O
features O
zac B-Actor
efron I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
u I-Plot
s I-Plot
marine I-Plot
who I-Plot
travels I-Plot
to I-Plot
louisiana I-Plot
after I-Plot
serving I-Plot
three I-Plot
tours I-Plot
in I-Plot
iraq I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
paul B-Director
w I-Director
s I-Director
anderson I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
starred O
milla B-Actor
jovovich I-Actor
sienna I-Actor
guillory I-Actor
and O
michelle B-Actor
rodriguez I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
peter B-Director
berg I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
flick O
starred O
alexander B-Actor
skarsgard I-Actor
taylor I-Actor
kitsch I-Actor
brooklyn I-Actor
decker I-Actor
and O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
western B-Genre
drama I-Genre
stars O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
jamie I-Actor
foxx I-Actor
christoph I-Actor
waltz I-Actor
and O
samuel B-Actor
l I-Actor
jackson I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
robert B-Director
lorenz I-Director
drama B-Genre
starred O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
amy I-Actor
adams I-Actor
john I-Actor
goodman I-Actor
and O
ed B-Actor
lauter I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
robert B-Director
zemeckis I-Director
drama B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
an I-Plot
airline I-Plot
pilot I-Plot
who I-Plot
saves I-Plot
a I-Plot
flight I-Plot
from I-Plot
crashing I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
featured O
jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor
and O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
tie I-Plot
the I-Plot
knot I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
movie O
featuring O
joseph B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
levitt I-Actor
and O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
had O
the O
tag O
line O
face O
your O
future O
fight O
your O
past O

what O
2012 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
features O
assassins B-Plot
whose I-Plot
final I-Plot
well I-Plot
paying I-Plot
hit I-Plot
job I-Plot
are I-Plot
for I-Plot
themselves I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
stars O
joseph B-Actor
gordon I-Actor
levitt I-Actor
and O
features B-Plot
assassins I-Plot
who I-Plot
kill I-Plot
their I-Plot
time I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
targets I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
blunderbuss I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
superhero B-Genre
film O
starred O
anne B-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
as O
cat B-Character_Name
woman I-Character_Name
and O
tom B-Actor
hardy I-Actor
as O
bane B-Character_Name

what O
2012 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
depicts B-Plot
a I-Plot
police I-Plot
force I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
midwestern I-Plot
town I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot
santa I-Plot
claus I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
finds O
a B-Plot
police I-Plot
psychologist I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
talk I-Plot
down I-Plot
an I-Plot
ex I-Plot
con I-Plot
from I-Plot
jumping I-Plot
off I-Plot
a I-Plot
manhattan I-Plot
hotel I-Plot
while I-Plot
a I-Plot
diamond I-Plot
heist I-Plot
is I-Plot
being I-Plot
committed I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
thriller B-Genre
finds O
retired B-Plot
cia I-Plot
operative I-Plot
bryan B-Character_Name
mills I-Character_Name
played O
by O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
and O
his O
wife O
played O
by O
famke B-Actor
janssen I-Actor
taken B-Plot
hostage I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
tim B-Director
story I-Director
directed O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
four B-Plot
friends I-Plot
who I-Plot
turn I-Plot
the I-Plot
tables I-Plot
on I-Plot
their I-Plot
women I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
todd B-Director
lincoln I-Director
horror B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
starred O
ashley B-Actor
greene I-Actor
sebastian I-Actor
stan I-Actor
julianna I-Actor
guilll I-Actor
and O
tom B-Actor
felton I-Actor

what O
2012 B-Year
tyler B-Director
perry I-Director
comedy B-Genre
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
wall I-Plot
street I-Plot
investment I-Plot
banker I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
been I-Plot
set I-Plot
up I-Plot
as I-Plot
the I-Plot
fall I-Plot
guy I-Plot
in I-Plot
his I-Plot
company I-Plot
s I-Plot
ponzi I-Plot
scheme I-Plot

what O
2012 B-Year
tyler B-Director
perry I-Director
movie O
features O
thandie B-Actor
newton I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
homeless I-Plot
mother I-Plot
working I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
cleaning I-Plot
lady I-Plot

what O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
winning I-Award
film O
is O
based O
on O
the B-Origin
story I-Origin
of I-Origin
oakland I-Origin
a I-Origin
s I-Origin
general I-Origin
manager I-Origin
billy I-Origin
beane I-Origin

what O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
winning I-Award
movie O
stars O
colin B-Actor
firth I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
monarch I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
serious I-Plot
impediment I-Plot

what O
action B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O
has O
been O
remade B-Relationship
multiple I-Relationship
times I-Relationship
and O
features O
clark B-Character_Name
kent I-Character_Name
and O
his B-Plot
alter O
ego O
the B-Plot
man I-Plot
of I-Plot
steel I-Plot

what O
action B-Genre
film O
depicts O
the O
life B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
former I-Plot
getaway I-Plot
driver I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
things I-Plot
he I-Plot
must I-Plot
to I-Plot
do I-Plot
to I-Plot
finally I-Plot
be I-Plot
free I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
past I-Plot

what O
action B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
tarsem B-Director
singh I-Director
starred O
henry B-Actor
cavill I-Actor
as O
theseus B-Character_Name
and O
freida B-Actor
pinto I-Actor
as O
phaedra B-Character_Name

what O
action B-Genre
movie O
featuring O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
as O
a O
renegade O
cop O
harry B-Character_Name
callahand I-Character_Name
making B-Plot
his I-Plot
own I-Plot
rules I-Plot
delivering I-Plot
justice I-Plot
through I-Plot
this I-Plot
44 I-Plot
magnum I-Plot
revolver I-Plot

what O
actor O
played O
bane B-Character_Name

what O
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
cinderella I-Origin
fairytale I-Origin
starred O
drew B-Actor
barrymore I-Actor
and O
angelica B-Actor
huston I-Actor
as O
her O
stepmother O

what O
american B-Genre
super I-Genre
hero I-Genre
film O
features O
a O
alien B-Plot
superhuman I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
famous I-Plot
and I-Plot
powerful I-Plot
hammer I-Plot

what O
animated B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
christmas B-Genre
movie O
features O
snoopy B-Character_Name
and O
a B-Plot
really I-Plot
pathetic I-Plot
beat I-Plot
up I-Plot
looking I-Plot
christmas I-Plot
tree I-Plot

what O
animated B-Genre
dreamworks B-Director
movie O
focuses O
on O
one O
of O
the O
minor O
characters O
from O
the O
shrek O
series O

what O
animated B-Genre
film O
features B-Plot
two I-Plot
warring I-Plot
houses I-Plot
of I-Plot
lawn I-Plot
gnomes I-Plot
that I-Plot
takes I-Plot
a I-Plot
fresh I-Plot
spin I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
shakespeare I-Plot
classic I-Plot

what O
animated B-Genre
movie O
has O
a B-Plot
spell I-Plot
put I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
main I-Plot
character I-Plot

what O
animated B-Genre
movie O
sequel B-Relationship
focuses O
on O
the B-Plot
adventrues I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
son I-Plot
of I-Plot
dancing I-Plot
penguin I-Plot
mumble I-Plot

what O
animated B-Genre
movie O
tells O
the O
story O
of O
simba B-Character_Name
who B-Plot
returns I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
homeland I-Plot
to I-Plot
reclaim I-Plot
the I-Plot
crown I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
uncle B-Character_Name
scar I-Character_Name

what O
animated B-Genre
pixar I-Genre
film O
is O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
father I-Plot
clownfish I-Plot
tenaciously I-Plot
following I-Plot
the I-Plot
trail I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
fish I-Plot
napped I-Plot
son I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
ocean I-Plot
outside I-Plot
of I-Plot
sydney I-Plot
australia I-Plot

what O
are O
the O
names O
of O
the O
3 O
hyenas O

what O
black B-Genre
and I-Genre
white I-Genre
horror I-Genre
movie O
features O
the O
classic B-Opinion
monster B-Plot
vampire I-Plot
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
bram I-Origin
stroker I-Origin

what O
black O
and O
white O
japanese B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
epic I-Opinion
features O
a B-Plot
story I-Plot
about I-Plot
7 I-Plot
warriors I-Plot
facing I-Plot
unimaginable I-Plot
odds I-Plot

what O
blockbuster B-Opinion
film O
stars O
liam B-Actor
nieson I-Actor
in O
his O
heart B-Opinion
stopping I-Opinion
thriller B-Genre
which O
takes O
place O
in O
a O
snowy O
wasteland O

what O
boxing B-Genre
centric I-Genre
movie O
inspired O
the O
character O
tag O
line O
of O
italian B-Character_Name
stallion I-Character_Name
and O
inspired B-Plot
legions I-Plot
of I-Plot
fans I-Plot
to I-Plot
workout I-Plot
to O
the O
song O
eye B-Soundtrack
of I-Soundtrack
the I-Soundtrack
tiger I-Soundtrack

what O
boxing B-Genre
movie I-Genre
drama I-Genre
tells B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
mickey I-Plot
ward I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
narcotic I-Plot
addicted I-Plot
brother I-Plot
dickey I-Plot

what O
cartoon B-Genre
is O
it O
where O
a B-Plot
wild I-Plot
boar I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
meerkat I-Plot
raise I-Plot
a I-Plot
lion I-Plot
cub I-Plot

what O
charming B-Opinion
animated B-Genre
movie O
stars O
a B-Plot
timid I-Plot
clownfish I-Plot
who I-Plot
sets I-Plot
out I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
journey I-Plot
to I-Plot
bring I-Plot
back I-Plot
his I-Plot
son I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
been I-Plot
captured I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
great I-Plot
barrier I-Plot
reef I-Plot
and I-Plot
taken I-Plot
to I-Plot
sydney I-Plot

what O
chick B-Genre
flick I-Genre
did O
julia B-Actor
louie I-Actor
dreyfus I-Actor
character O
in O
seinfeld O
hate B-Plot
with I-Plot
every I-Plot
fiber I-Plot
of I-Plot
her I-Plot
being I-Plot

what O
classic B-Opinion
1941 B-Year
orson B-Director
welles I-Director
film O
is O
often O
considered O
the O
greatest B-Opinion
movie I-Opinion
of I-Opinion
all I-Opinion
time I-Opinion

what O
classic B-Opinion
90 B-Year
s I-Year
trip O
shows O
the B-Plot
misadventures I-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
druggies I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
adventure I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
city I-Plot
of I-Plot
sin I-Plot

what O
classic O
disney B-Genre
fairy I-Genre
tale I-Genre
focus O
on O
a O
beautiful B-Plot
princess I-Plot
in I-Plot
search I-Plot
for I-Plot
her I-Plot
prince I-Plot
charming I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
aide I-Plot
of I-Plot
seven I-Plot
friends I-Plot

what O
classic B-Genre
disney I-Genre
film O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
africa I-Plot
and O
includes O
musical O
pieces O
such O
as O
hakkuna B-Soundtrack
mattata I-Soundtrack

what O
classic B-Opinion
thriller B-Genre
about O
an B-Plot
enormous I-Plot
killer I-Plot
shark I-Plot
spawned O
one B-Soundtrack
of I-Soundtrack
the I-Soundtrack
most I-Soundtrack
popular I-Soundtrack
movie I-Soundtrack
themes I-Soundtrack
of I-Soundtrack
all I-Soundtrack
time I-Soundtrack

what O
cold B-Genre
war I-Genre
classic B-Opinion
told O
the O
story O
of O
a B-Plot
small I-Plot
california I-Plot
town I-Plot
whose I-Plot
inhabitants I-Plot
are I-Plot
replaced I-Plot
by I-Plot
emotionless I-Plot
invaders I-Plot
from I-Plot
outer I-Plot
space I-Plot

what O
comedy B-Genre
brings O
together O
three B-Plot
friends I-Plot
who I-Plot
all I-Plot
work I-Plot
for I-Plot
terrible I-Plot
people I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
triple I-Plot
murder I-Plot
plot I-Plot

what O
comedy B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
stars O
chevy B-Actor
chase I-Actor
attempting B-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
christmas I-Plot
spirit I-Plot
but I-Plot
ultimately I-Plot
fails I-Plot
to I-Plot

what O
comedy B-Genre
movie O
does O
a B-Plot
small I-Plot
boy I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
stay I-Plot
by I-Plot
himself I-Plot
after I-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot
goes I-Plot
on I-Plot
vacation I-Plot
and I-Plot
forgets I-Plot
him I-Plot

what O
comedy B-Genre
starred O
former O
saturday O
night O
live O
actresses O
kristen B-Actor
wiig I-Actor
and O
maya B-Actor
rudolph I-Actor
as O
best B-Plot
friends I-Plot

what O
comedy B-Genre
stars O
russell B-Actor
brand I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
rock I-Plot
star I-Plot
and O
jonah B-Actor
hill I-Actor
as O
the B-Plot
record I-Plot
company I-Plot
employee I-Plot
appointed I-Plot
to I-Plot
babysit I-Plot
him I-Plot

what O
comedy B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
starring O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
and O
zack B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
father I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
the I-Plot
birth I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
baby I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot

what O
computer B-Genre
animated I-Genre
children I-Genre
s I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
featured O
two B-Plot
wolves I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
same I-Plot
pack I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
return I-Plot
home I-Plot

what O
disney O
animated B-Genre
children I-Genre
s I-Genre
movie I-Genre
featured O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
red I-Plot
headed I-Plot
girl I-Plot
that I-Plot
was I-Plot
great I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
bow I-Plot

what O
disney B-Genre
classic I-Genre
is O
the O
one O
where O
a B-Plot
princess I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
glass I-Plot
casket I-Plot
after I-Plot
biting I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
poisoned I-Plot
apple I-Plot

what O
disney B-Director
movie O
has O
a B-Plot
wooden I-Plot
doll I-Plot
who I-Plot
s I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
real I-Plot
boy I-Plot

what O
disney B-Genre
pixar I-Genre
hit O
film O
from O
2006 B-Year
got O
a O
sequel B-Relationship
starring O
the O
movies O
slow O
sidekick O
mater O

what O
do O
these O
things O
have O
in O
common O
demonic O
possession O
eerie B-Genre
music I-Genre
projectile O
vomiting O
and O
divine O
rituals O

what O
documentary B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
josh B-Director
fox I-Director
helped O
raise O
awareness O
on O
the O
subject O
of O
fracking O

what O
drama B-Genre
film O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
professional I-Plot
football I-Plot
player I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
chicago I-Plot
bear I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
diagnosed I-Plot
with I-Plot
cancer I-Plot

what O
famous O
movie O
with O
clark B-Actor
gable I-Actor
featured B-Plot
the I-Plot
trials I-Plot
and I-Plot
tribulations I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
southern I-Plot
bell I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
civil I-Plot
war I-Plot

what O
fantasy B-Genre
epic O
starring O
val B-Actor
kilmer I-Actor
focuses B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
warrior I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
small I-Plot
friend I-Plot

what O
fantasy B-Genre
film O
released O
in O
1988 B-Year
was O
written O
by O
george B-Origin
lucas I-Origin
but O
directed O
by O
ron B-Director
howard I-Director

what O
film O
adapted O
from O
a O
classic B-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
tragedy I-Origin
unravels B-Plot
the I-Plot
mystery I-Plot
of I-Plot
who I-Plot
killed I-Plot
the I-Plot
king I-Plot
and I-Plot
why I-Plot

what O
film O
broke O
global O
records O
with O
its O
budget O
and O
showed O
people O
a B-Plot
new I-Plot
universe I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
tree I-Plot
and I-Plot
blue I-Plot
folks I-Plot

what O
film O
directed O
by O
david B-Director
fincher I-Director
tells O
of O
mark B-Character_Name
zuckerberg I-Character_Name
s O
rise B-Plot
to I-Plot
power I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
creation I-Plot
of I-Plot
facebook I-Plot

what O
film O
directed O
by O
richard B-Director
marquand I-Director
was O
the B-Relationship
first I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
famous I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
to I-Relationship
include I-Relationship
ewoks I-Relationship

what O
film O
directed O
by O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
and O
featuring O
russell B-Actor
crow I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
revolutionary I-Plot
looking I-Plot
to I-Plot
overthrow I-Plot
the I-Plot
kingdom I-Plot
of I-Plot
england I-Plot

what O
film O
features O
an B-Plot
estranged I-Plot
father I-Plot
and I-Plot
son I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
connect I-Plot
amidst I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
of I-Plot
robot I-Plot
boxing I-Plot

what O
film O
follows O
the B-Plot
adventures I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
student I-Plot
and I-Plot
an I-Plot
eccentric I-Plot
scientist I-Plot
as I-Plot
they I-Plot
use I-Plot
a I-Plot
delorean I-Plot
time I-Plot
machine I-Plot
to I-Plot
time I-Plot
travel I-Plot

what O
film O
introduced O
the O
knives O
for O
fingers O
character O
of O
freddy B-Character_Name
krueger I-Character_Name
that B-Plot
haunts I-Plot
the I-Plot
dreams I-Plot
of I-Plot
teenagers I-Plot
eventually I-Plot
killing I-Plot
them I-Plot

what O
film O
involves O
time B-Plot
traveling I-Plot
killer I-Plot
robots I-Plot
sent I-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
past I-Plot
to I-Plot
assassinate I-Plot
the I-Plot
parents I-Plot
of I-Plot
future I-Plot
enemies I-Plot

what O
film O
released O
in O
2000 B-Year
stars O
vin B-Actor
diesel I-Actor
and O
ben B-Actor
affleck I-Actor
working B-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
less I-Plot
than I-Plot
legal I-Plot
broker I-Plot
firm I-Plot

what O
film O
staring O
a O
post B-Plot
abduction I-Plot
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor
mixes O
action B-Genre
western I-Genre
and O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
genres O

what O
film O
starred O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
and O
become O
a O
box O
office O
hit O
despite O
the O
fact O
that O
will B-Actor
smith I-Actor
was O
originally O
targeted O
to O
star O

what O
film O
starring O
steve B-Actor
carrel I-Actor
centers B-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
s I-Plot
failed I-Plot
marriage I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
to I-Plot
put I-Plot
his I-Plot
romantic I-Plot
life I-Plot
back I-Plot
together I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
help I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
pro I-Plot

what O
film O
stars O
gerard B-Actor
butler I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
under I-Plot
contract I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
pursuit I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
ex I-Plot
wife I-Plot

what O
film O
stars O
jesse B-Actor
eisenberg I-Actor
and O
aziz B-Actor
ansari I-Actor
and O
is O
about O
a O
young B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
draped I-Plot
in I-Plot
explosives I-Plot
and I-Plot
forced I-Plot
to I-Plot
rob I-Plot
a I-Plot
bank I-Plot

what O
film O
was O
written O
by O
no B-Origin
l I-Origin
coward I-Origin
and O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
his I-Origin
1936 I-Origin
one I-Origin
act I-Origin
play I-Origin
still I-Origin
life I-Origin

what O
film O
which O
stars O
elijah B-Actor
wood I-Actor
marks B-Relationship
the I-Relationship
end I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
peter B-Director
jackson I-Director
s I-Director
epic B-Relationship
middle I-Relationship
earth I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship

what O
gary B-Director
marshall I-Director
film O
features O
a O
large B-Plot
variety I-Plot
of I-Plot
actors I-Plot
and I-Plot
actresses I-Plot
all I-Plot
interacting I-Plot
in I-Plot
separate I-Plot
vignettes I-Plot
around I-Plot
a I-Plot
holiday I-Plot
dedicated I-Plot
to I-Plot
love I-Plot

what O
inspirational B-Genre
film O
includes O
a O
story O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
lost I-Plot
her I-Plot
arm I-Plot
doing I-Plot
her I-Plot
favorite I-Plot
sport I-Plot

what O
intense B-Opinion
gritty I-Opinion
2012 B-Year
cop B-Genre
drama I-Genre
focuses B-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
day I-Plot
to I-Plot
day I-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
los I-Plot
angelos I-Plot
police I-Plot
officers I-Plot

what O
is O
a O
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
holocaust I-Plot
that O
jerry B-Actor
seinfeld I-Actor
was O
caught O
making O
out O
with O
a O
date O
in O
an O
episode O
of O
seinfeld O

what O
is O
a O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
animated I-Genre
film O
by O
dreamworks B-Director
involving B-Plot
a I-Plot
human I-Plot
coachroach I-Plot
talking I-Plot
slime I-Plot
a I-Plot
giant I-Plot
woman I-Plot
and I-Plot
others I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
space I-Plot
aliens I-Plot

what O
is O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
s O
masterpiece B-Opinion
made O
in O
1982 B-Year
depicts O
an O
alien B-Plot
and I-Plot
it I-Plot
s I-Plot
interactions I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1934 B-Year
american B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
clark B-Actor
cable I-Actor
and O
claudette B-Actor
colbert I-Actor
directed O
by O
frank B-Director
cabra I-Director

what O
is O
that O
1934 B-Year
film O
starring O
roddy B-Actor
mcdowall I-Actor
about O
the B-Plot
bond I-Plot
between I-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
beloved I-Plot
dog I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1953 B-Year
drama B-Genre
movie O
directed O
by O
fred B-Director
zinnemann I-Director
and O
based O
on O
the O
novel B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
by I-Origin
james I-Origin
jones I-Origin

what O
is O
that O
1954 B-Year
american B-Genre
suspense I-Genre
film I-Genre
directed O
by O
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director
and O
starring O
james B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
and O
grace B-Actor
kelly I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
1957 B-Year
swedish O
film O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
ingmar B-Director
bergman I-Director
which B-Plot
is I-Plot
about I-Plot
an I-Plot
old I-Plot
man I-Plot
that I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
remember I-Plot
his I-Plot
past I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1959 B-Year
american B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
film O
starring O
cary B-Actor
grant I-Actor
and O
eva B-Actor
marie I-Actor
saint I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director

what O
is O
that O
1961 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
which O
william O
inge O
won B-Award
an I-Award
oscar I-Award
for I-Award
writing I-Award
the I-Award
screenplay I-Award

what O
is O
that O
1963 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
don B-Director
chaffrey I-Director
and O
starring O
todd B-Actor
armstrong I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
greek I-Plot
hero I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1970 B-Year
american B-Genre
biographical I-Genre
war I-Genre
movie O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
2 I-Plot
about I-Plot
general I-Plot
patton I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1971 B-Year
dramatic B-Genre
film O
starring O
donald B-Actor
sutherland I-Actor
and O
jane B-Actor
fonda I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
detective I-Plot
who I-Plot
solves I-Plot
a I-Plot
missing I-Plot
person I-Plot
case I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1973 B-Year
american B-Genre
caper I-Genre
film I-Genre
which O
stars O
robert B-Actor
redford I-Actor
and O
paul B-Actor
newman I-Actor
as O
professional B-Plot
grifters I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1976 B-Year
american B-Genre
psychological I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
movie O
starring O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
as O
travis B-Character_Name
bickle I-Character_Name

what O
is O
that O
1977 B-Year
american B-Genre
dance I-Genre
film O
that O
catapulted O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
to O
fame O
where O
he B-Plot
plays I-Plot
a I-Plot
very I-Plot
good I-Plot
disco I-Plot
dancer I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1987 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
movie O
directed O
by O
the O
coen B-Director
brothers I-Director
and O
starring O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
and O
holly B-Actor
hunter I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
1988 B-Year
documentary B-Genre
film O
by O
errol B-Director
morris I-Director
about O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
randall I-Plot
dale I-Plot
adams I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
1994 B-Year
american B-Genre
historical I-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
robert B-Director
redford I-Director
based O
on O
richard B-Origin
n I-Origin
goodwin I-Origin
s I-Origin
memoir I-Origin

what O
is O
that O
1999 B-Year
animated B-Genre
science I-Genre
fiction I-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
action I-Genre
movie O
directed O
by O
brad B-Director
bird I-Director
and O
featuring O
the O
voices O
of O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
and O
harry B-Actor
connick I-Actor
jr I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2000 B-Year
movie O
directed O
by O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
starring O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
roman I-Plot
general I-Plot
who I-Plot
became I-Plot
a I-Plot
slave I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
computer I-Genre
animated I-Genre
3 I-Genre
d I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
which O
features O
the O
voices O
of O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
crime I-Genre
film I-Genre
starring O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
and O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
bbc I-Origin
series I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
action I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
gerard B-Actor
butler I-Actor
who O
has O
to O
retrieve B-Plot
his I-Plot
ex I-Plot
wife I-Plot
played O
by O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
science I-Genre
fiction I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
that O
features O
an O
ensemble O
cast O
including O
john B-Actor
cusack I-Actor
and O
rob B-Actor
corddry I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
teen I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor
and O
inspired B-Origin
by I-Origin
the I-Origin
book I-Origin
the I-Origin
scarlet I-Origin
letter I-Origin

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
biographical B-Genre
sports I-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
that O
chronicles B-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
race I-Plot
horse I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
2010 B-Year
film O
directed O
by O
robert B-Director
rodriguez I-Director
and O
starring O
danny B-Actor
trejo I-Actor
as O
the O
main O
character O

what O
is O
that O
2011 B-Year
3 B-Genre
d I-Genre
computer I-Genre
animated I-Genre
family I-Genre
movie I-Genre
featuring O
the O
voices O
of O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
and O
james B-Actor
mcavoy I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
movie O
based O
on O
emily B-Origin
giffin I-Origin
s I-Origin
book I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
starring O
ginnifer B-Actor
goodwin I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
chris B-Actor
evans I-Actor
and O
anna B-Actor
faris I-Actor
which O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
girl I-Plot
and I-Plot
goes I-Plot
through I-Plot
how I-Plot
many I-Plot
people I-Plot
she I-Plot
s I-Plot
had I-Plot
sex I-Plot
with I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
2011 B-Year
war B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film I-Genre
directed O
by O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
starring O
tom B-Actor
hiddleston I-Actor
and O
david B-Actor
thewlis I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2012 B-Year
american B-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
seth B-Director
macfarlane I-Director
and O
starring O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2012 B-Year
american B-Genre
war I-Genre
movie B-Plot
which I-Plot
starred I-Plot
real I-Plot
life I-Plot
us I-Plot
navy I-Plot
seals I-Plot
and O
directed O
by O
mike B-Director
mccoy I-Director
and O
scott B-Director
waugh I-Director

what O
is O
that O
2012 B-Year
movie O
that O
stars O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
as O
zeus B-Character_Name
and O
ralph B-Actor
fiennes I-Actor
as O
hades B-Character_Name

what O
is O
that O
2012 B-Year
musical B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
jason B-Director
moore I-Director
and O
features O
an O
ensemble O
cast O
including O
anna B-Actor
kendrick I-Actor
and O
alexis B-Actor
knapp I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
2012 B-Year
sports B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
starring O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
justin I-Actor
timberlake I-Actor
and O
amy B-Actor
adams I-Actor
which O
is O
about B-Plot
an I-Plot
old I-Plot
baseball I-Plot
scout I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
ang B-Director
lee I-Director
directed O
epic B-Opinion
wuxia B-Genre
film O
starring O
chow B-Actor
yun I-Actor
fatt I-Actor
that O
won O
an O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
for O
best B-Award
foreign I-Award
film I-Award

what O
is O
that O
breakthrough O
movie O
starring O
jon B-Actor
heder I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
teen I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
awkward I-Plot
and I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
deal I-Plot
with I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot
life I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
comedy B-Genre
film O
starring O
jon B-Actor
heder I-Actor
in O
a O
breakout B-Opinion
role I-Opinion
as O
an O
awkward B-Plot
teen I-Plot
and I-Plot
details I-Plot
his I-Plot
adventures I-Plot
in I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
comedy B-Genre
movie O
starring O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
hapless I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
finds I-Plot
himself I-Plot
separated I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
and I-Plot
learning I-Plot
how I-Plot
to I-Plot
pick I-Plot
up I-Plot
chicks I-Plot
from I-Plot
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
ensemble B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
jason B-Actor
bateman I-Actor
colin I-Actor
farrell I-Actor
kevin I-Actor
spacey I-Actor
and O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
among O
others O
about O
people B-Plot
who I-Plot
have I-Plot
difficult I-Plot
managers I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
ensemble O
movie O
starring O
many O
actors O
including O
ashton B-Actor
kutcher I-Actor
zach I-Actor
efron I-Actor
jon I-Actor
bon I-Actor
jovi I-Actor
sofia I-Actor
vergara I-Actor
about B-Plot
what I-Plot
happened I-Plot
the I-Plot
day I-Plot
before I-Plot
the I-Plot
start I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
year I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
female B-Genre
ensemble I-Genre
movie O
starring O
kristen B-Actor
wiig I-Actor
that O
has B-Plot
to I-Plot
attend I-Plot
the I-Plot
wedding I-Plot
of I-Plot
her I-Plot
best I-Plot
friend I-Plot
played O
by O
maya B-Actor
rudolph I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
film O
starring O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
recently I-Plot
widowed I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
ultimately I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with O
meg B-Actor
ryan I-Actor
s O
character O
and O
they B-Plot
meet I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
first I-Plot
time I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
empire I-Plot
state I-Plot
building I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
first B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
starring O
macaulay B-Actor
culkin I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
left I-Plot
behind I-Plot
by I-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
house I-Plot
and I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
outwit I-Plot
some I-Plot
bandits I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
directed O
masterpiece B-Opinion
about O
a B-Plot
ship I-Plot
that I-Plot
sinks I-Plot
due I-Plot
to I-Plot
an I-Plot
iceberg I-Plot
and O
starring O
leonardo B-Actor
di I-Actor
caprio I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
jane B-Director
campion I-Director
directed O
movie O
starring O
holly B-Actor
hunter I-Actor
and O
harvey B-Actor
keitel I-Actor
for O
which O
anna B-Actor
paquin I-Actor
won O
an O
academy B-Award
award I-Award

what O
is O
that O
marvel B-Genre
superhero I-Genre
movie I-Genre
starring O
chris B-Actor
hemsworth I-Actor
as O
the O
main B-Plot
character I-Plot
playing I-Plot
a I-Plot
superhero I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
far I-Plot
away I-Plot
galaxies I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
marvel B-Genre
superhero I-Genre
movie I-Genre
starring O
chris B-Actor
hemsworth I-Actor
as O
the O
title O
character O
a O
god B-Opinion
and O
anthony B-Actor
hopkins I-Actor
as O
his O
father O

what O
is O
that O
movie O
2012 B-Year
biographical B-Genre
film O
co O
directed O
by O
curtis B-Director
hanson I-Director
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
jay B-Character_Name
moriarty I-Character_Name

what O
is O
that O
movie O
about O
moses B-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
israelites I-Plot
receiving I-Plot
the I-Plot
tablets I-Plot
from I-Plot
god I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
mountain I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
about O
the O
american B-Plot
cocaine I-Plot
smuggler I-Plot
george B-Character_Name
jung I-Character_Name
who O
is O
played O
by O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
book I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
starring O
rooney B-Actor
mara I-Actor
as O
the O
title O
character O

what O
is O
that O
movie O
directed O
and O
starring O
ben B-Director
affleck I-Director
about O
a O
cia B-Plot
agent I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
go I-Plot
to I-Plot
iran I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
70 I-Plot
s I-Plot
and I-Plot
rescue I-Plot
americans I-Plot
and O
also O
won O
an O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
director I-Award

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
a O
haples B-Actor
steve I-Actor
carell I-Actor
who B-Plot
gets I-Plot
separated I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
and I-Plot
meets I-Plot
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
a B-Plot
womanizer I-Plot
who I-Plot
shows I-Plot
him I-Plot
how I-Plot
to I-Plot
pick I-Plot
up I-Plot
women I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
as O
a O
plastic B-Plot
surgeon I-Plot
who I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
to I-Plot
woo I-Plot
brooklyn B-Actor
decker I-Actor
s B-Plot
character I-Plot
but I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
s B-Plot
character I-Plot
instead I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
plastic I-Plot
surgeon I-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
win I-Plot
over I-Plot
brooklyn B-Actor
decker I-Actor
but B-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
s B-Plot
character I-Plot
instead I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
catch I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
who I-Plot
kills I-Plot
according I-Plot
the I-Plot
seven I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
sins I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
solve I-Plot
a I-Plot
series I-Plot
of I-Plot
murders I-Plot
based I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
seven I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
sins I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
colin B-Actor
firth I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
king I-Plot
that I-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
severe I-Plot
stutter I-Plot
and I-Plot
who I-Plot
hires I-Plot
a I-Plot
therapist I-Plot
to I-Plot
help I-Plot
overcome I-Plot
it I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
george B-Actor
clooney I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
presidential I-Plot
candidate I-Plot
and O
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
as O
someone O
working O
for O
him O
that B-Plot
uncovers I-Plot
a I-Plot
scandal I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
jake B-Actor
gylenhaal I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
viagra I-Plot
salesman I-Plot
that I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
that I-Plot
has I-Plot
parkinson I-Plot
s I-Plot
disease I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
justin B-Actor
timberlake I-Actor
and O
mila B-Actor
kunis I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
platonic I-Plot
pals I-Plot
who I-Plot
decide I-Plot
to I-Plot
include I-Plot
sex I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
relationship I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
as O
an O
lapd B-Plot
cop I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
bus I-Plot
from I-Plot
blowing I-Plot
up I-Plot
and O
also O
starring O
sandra B-Actor
bullock I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
leonardo B-Actor
di I-Actor
caprio I-Actor
and O
claire B-Actor
danes I-Actor
as O
star B-Plot
crossed I-Plot
lovers I-Plot
and O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
famous I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
story I-Origin

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
leonardo B-Actor
di I-Actor
caprio I-Actor
and O
claire B-Actor
danes I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
star I-Plot
crossed I-Plot
lovers I-Plot
and O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
famous I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
play I-Origin

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
leonardo B-Actor
di I-Actor
caprio I-Actor
as O
howard B-Character_Name
hughes I-Character_Name
and O
chronicles B-Plot
his I-Plot
life I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
as O
a O
boxer B-Plot
who I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
it I-Plot
big I-Plot
and O
also O
stars O
christian B-Actor
bale I-Actor
as B-Plot
his I-Plot
drug I-Plot
addicted I-Plot
brother I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
meg B-Actor
ryan I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
to I-Plot
france I-Plot
to I-Plot
win I-Plot
back I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
but I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
process I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
french I-Plot
thief I-Plot
played O
by O
kevin B-Actor
kline I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
who O
has B-Plot
to I-Plot
bring I-Plot
an I-Plot
idiot I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
party I-Plot
guest I-Plot
this O
idiot O
who O
is O
played O
by O
steve B-Actor
carrel I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
juliane B-Actor
moore I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
married I-Plot
couple I-Plot
who I-Plot
decide I-Plot
to I-Plot
separate I-Plot
after I-Plot
which I-Plot
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
s B-Plot
character I-Plot
teaches I-Plot
carell B-Actor
how B-Plot
to I-Plot
pick I-Plot
up I-Plot
women I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
starring O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
separates I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
taken I-Plot
under I-Plot
the I-Plot
wing I-Plot
of I-Plot
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
s B-Plot
character I-Plot
who I-Plot
shows I-Plot
him I-Plot
how I-Plot
to I-Plot
pick I-Plot
up I-Plot
women I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
that O
details B-Plot
how I-Plot
mark B-Character_Name
zuckerberg I-Character_Name
created B-Plot
facebook I-Plot
and I-Plot
details I-Plot
facebook I-Plot
s I-Plot
early I-Plot
inception I-Plot
at I-Plot
harvard I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
where O
people B-Plot
do I-Plot
crazy I-Plot
stunts I-Plot
and I-Plot
eat I-Plot
nasty I-Plot
things I-Plot
for I-Plot
their I-Plot
ratings I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
where O
the O
young B-Plot
boy I-Plot
trains I-Plot
his I-Plot
powers I-Plot
to I-Plot
better I-Plot
himself I-Plot
and I-Plot
he I-Plot
wears I-Plot
glasses I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
movie O
with O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
where O
he B-Plot
is I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
out I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
hillside I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
directed O
movie O
featuring O
an O
ensemble O
cast O
including O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
boxer I-Plot
and O
samuel B-Actor
l I-Actor
jackson I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
as O
gangsters B-Plot
working I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
boss I-Plot
played O
by O
ving B-Actor
rhames I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
directed O
movie O
which O
came O
out O
in O
2012 B-Year
and O
starring O
jamie B-Actor
foxx I-Actor
as O
an O
escaped O
slave O

what O
is O
that O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor
and O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
who B-Plot
meet I-Plot
and I-Plot
fall I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
san I-Plot
francisco I-Plot
but I-Plot
then I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
endure I-Plot
hurdles I-Plot
in I-Plot
their I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
including I-Plot
moving I-Plot
to I-Plot
michigan I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
ron B-Director
howard I-Director
directed O
movie O
where O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
plays O
john B-Character_Name
nash I-Character_Name
a O
very B-Plot
brilliant I-Plot
but I-Plot
troubled I-Plot
mathematician I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
satire B-Genre
movie O
the O
1999 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
which O
became O
a O
cult B-Opinion
classic I-Opinion
and O
starring O
ron B-Actor
livingston I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
disgruntled I-Plot
employee I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
directed O
classic B-Genre
movie O
about O
an B-Plot
alien I-Plot
that I-Plot
comes I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot
and I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
friends I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
directed O
movie O
set O
in O
world B-Genre
war I-Genre
ii I-Genre
starring O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
who B-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
lead I-Plot
a I-Plot
platoon I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
s O
character O

what O
is O
that O
supernatural B-Genre
movie O
where O
the O
main O
character O
is O
a O
woman B-Plot
with I-Plot
impressive I-Plot
firearm I-Plot
skills I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
thriller B-Genre
film O
starring O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
hunting I-Plot
down I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
played O
by O
kevin B-Actor
spacey I-Actor

what O
is O
that O
woody B-Director
allen I-Director
directed O
film O
starring O
owen B-Actor
wilson I-Actor
as O
an B-Plot
american I-Plot
who I-Plot
finds I-Plot
himself I-Plot
transported I-Plot
to I-Plot
paris I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
1920 I-Plot
s I-Plot

what O
is O
that O
woody B-Director
allen I-Director
directed O
movie O
starring O
owen B-Actor
wilson I-Actor
as O
an O
american B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
transported I-Plot
to I-Plot
1920 I-Plot
s I-Plot
paris I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
90 B-Year
s I-Year
movie O
featuring O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
secret I-Plot
agent I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
never I-Plot
told I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
jamie B-Actor
lee I-Actor
curtis I-Actor
what B-Plot
he I-Plot
does I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1934 B-Year
american B-Genre
drama I-Genre
movie O
directed O
by O
philip B-Director
moeller I-Director
and O
starring O
irene B-Actor
dunne I-Actor
john I-Actor
boles I-Actor
and O
lionel B-Actor
atwill I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1934 B-Year
american B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starring O
clark B-Actor
cable I-Actor
and O
claudette B-Actor
colbert I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
frank B-Director
capra I-Director

what O
is O
the O
1935 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
opera B-Plot
singer I-Plot
riccardo B-Character_Name
baroni I-Character_Name
wishes B-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
just I-Plot
as I-Plot
good I-Plot
as I-Plot
lassparri B-Character_Name
and B-Plot
hires I-Plot
his I-Plot
best I-Plot
friend I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
his I-Plot
manager I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1942 B-Year
musical B-Genre
film O
staring O
bing B-Actor
crosby I-Actor
and O
fred B-Actor
astaire I-Actor
with O
music B-Soundtrack
by I-Soundtrack
irving I-Soundtrack
berlin I-Soundtrack

what O
is O
the O
1950 B-Year
american B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
which O
stars O
bette B-Actor
davis I-Actor
as O
margo B-Character_Name
channing I-Character_Name
an O
aging B-Plot
broadway I-Plot
actress I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1960 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
federic B-Director
fellini I-Director
about B-Plot
journalists I-Plot
in I-Plot
rome I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1962 B-Year
american B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
which O
is O
an O
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
harper I-Origin
lee I-Origin
novel I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
1968 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
written O
by O
neil B-Director
simon I-Director
based O
on O
the O
play B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
1970 B-Year
american O
biographical B-Genre
war I-Genre
film I-Genre
about O
the O
life B-Plot
of I-Plot
general I-Plot
patton I-Plot
and I-Plot
set I-Plot
during I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
2 I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1972 B-Year
american B-Genre
crime I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director
and O
starring O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1972 B-Year
american B-Genre
crime I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director
and O
starring O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
and O
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1975 B-Year
british B-Genre
american I-Genre
period I-Genre
film I-Genre
starring O
ryan B-Actor
o I-Actor
neal I-Actor
which O
won B-Award
several I-Award
oscars I-Award
that O
year O

what O
is O
the O
1982 B-Year
american B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
starring O
richard B-Actor
gere I-Actor
as O
a O
navy O
officer O
candidate O
and O
also O
stars O
debra B-Actor
winger I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1982 B-Year
american B-Genre
science I-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film O
features O
a B-Plot
lonely I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
befriends I-Plot
an I-Plot
extraterrestrial I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1984 B-Year
american B-Genre
drama I-Genre
and O
musical B-Genre
film O
starring O
kevin B-Actor
bacon I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
chicago I-Plot
teen I-Plot
that I-Plot
moves I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1984 B-Year
american B-Genre
slasher I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
wes B-Director
carven I-Director
with O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
an O
actor O

what O
is O
the O
1986 B-Year
american B-Genre
war I-Genre
film I-Genre
written O
and O
directed O
by O
oliver B-Director
stone I-Director
and O
starring O
tom B-Actor
berenger I-Actor
and O
charlie B-Actor
sheen I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1990 B-Year
film O
nominated B-Award
for I-Award
5 I-Award
academy I-Award
awards I-Award
starring O
patrick B-Actor
swayze I-Actor
and O
demi B-Actor
moore I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1991 B-Year
american B-Genre
psychological I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
martin B-Director
scorsese I-Director
and O
starring O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1991 B-Year
disney O
animated B-Genre
movie O
that O
featured O
angela B-Actor
lansbury I-Actor
as O
the O
voice O
of O
a O
teapot B-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
1992 B-Year
american B-Genre
western I-Genre
film O
produced O
and O
directed O
by O
clint B-Director
eastwood I-Director
with O
a O
screenplay O
written O
by O
david O
webb O
peoples O

what O
is O
the O
1994 B-Year
action B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
film O
starring O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
and O
sandra B-Actor
bullock I-Actor
that O
primarily B-Plot
takes I-Plot
place I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
runaway I-Plot
bus I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1995 B-Year
american O
medieval B-Genre
movie O
starring O
richard B-Actor
gere I-Actor
as O
lancelot B-Character_Name
and O
sean B-Actor
connery I-Actor
as O
king B-Character_Name
arthur I-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
1995 B-Year
film O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
jim B-Director
jarmusch I-Director
and O
starring O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
1995 B-Year
jungle B-Genre
themed I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
that O
stars O
robin B-Actor
williams I-Actor
as O
a O
small B-Plot
town I-Plot
s I-Plot
only I-Plot
hope I-Plot
against I-Plot
an I-Plot
evil I-Plot
board I-Plot
game I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
1995 B-Year
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
the I-Plot
scottish I-Plot
revolt I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
tyrannical I-Plot
english I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2000 B-Year
critically O
acclaimed O
ang B-Director
lee I-Director
movie O
starring O
yun B-Actor
fat I-Actor
chow I-Actor
where O
two B-Plot
warriors I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
nobleman I-Plot
s I-Plot
daughter I-Plot
search I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
magical I-Plot
jade I-Plot
sword I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2001 B-Year
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
and O
penelope B-Actor
cruz I-Actor
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
created I-Plot
the I-Plot
cocaine I-Plot
market I-Plot
in I-Plot
usa I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2001 B-Year
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
math I-Plot
whiz I-Plot
whose I-Plot
life I-Plot
gets I-Plot
turned I-Plot
upside I-Plot
down I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2004 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O
about O
victims B-Plot
chained I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
bathroom I-Plot
and I-Plot
given I-Plot
rules I-Plot
to I-Plot
survive I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
named I-Plot
jigsaw B-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
2006 B-Year
american O
period B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
starring O
paul B-Actor
giamatti I-Actor
jessica I-Actor
biel I-Actor
and O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2006 B-Year
movie O
with O
jessical B-Actor
biel I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
magician I-Plot
with I-Plot
special I-Plot
abilities I-Plot
in I-Plot
vienna I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2009 B-Year
american B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
which O
marks O
the O
acting O
debut O
of O
gabourey B-Actor
sidibe I-Actor
who O
plays O
the O
title O
character O

what O
is O
the O
2009 B-Year
australian B-Genre
clay I-Genre
animated I-Genre
movie O
featuring O
the O
voices O
of O
eric B-Actor
bana I-Actor
and O
toni B-Actor
collette I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
adam B-Director
elliot I-Director

what O
is O
the O
2009 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
set O
in O
the O
mid B-Year
22 I-Year
century I-Year
on B-Plot
the I-Plot
planet I-Plot
pandora I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
alien B-Plot
invasion I-Plot
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
starring O
eric B-Actor
balfor I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
the O
brothers B-Director
strause I-Director

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
movie O
starring O
michael B-Actor
cera I-Actor
as O
the B-Plot
hapless I-Plot
hero I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
his I-Plot
love I-Plot
interest I-Plot
s I-Plot
former I-Plot
boyfriends I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
crime I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
film O
starring O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
and O
based O
on O
the O
bbc B-Origin
series I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
film O
which O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
greek I-Origin
story I-Origin
of I-Origin
perseus I-Origin
and O
starring O
sam B-Actor
worthington I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
greek I-Origin
story I-Origin
of O
perseus B-Character_Name
starring O
sam B-Actor
worthington I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
live I-Genre
action I-Genre
movie O
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
hannah I-Origin
barbera I-Origin
cartoon I-Origin
featuring O
the O
voices O
of O
dan B-Actor
aykroyd I-Actor
and O
justin B-Actor
timberlake I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american O
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starring O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
and O
emile B-Actor
de I-Actor
ravin I-Actor
and O
also O
pierce B-Actor
brosnan I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
sci I-Genre
fi I-Genre
film O
released O
by O
walt B-Director
disney I-Director
pictures I-Director
starring O
jeff B-Actor
bridges I-Actor
and O
had O
a O
soundtrack O
by O
french O
band O
daft B-Soundtrack
punk I-Soundtrack

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
american B-Genre
western I-Genre
remake B-Relationship
by O
the O
coen B-Director
brothers I-Director
that O
starred O
jeff B-Actor
bridges I-Actor
as O
us B-Plot
marshall I-Plot
reuben B-Character_Name
rooster I-Character_Name
cogburn I-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
children B-Genre
s O
movie O
about O
rapunzel B-Plot
whose I-Plot
hair I-Plot
heals I-Plot
and I-Plot
escapes I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
tower I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
an I-Plot
adventure I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
thief I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
fantasy B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
rob B-Director
letterman I-Director
and O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
novel I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
by I-Origin
jonathan I-Origin
swift I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
movie O
about O
a O
high B-Plot
school I-Plot
student I-Plot
who I-Plot
sets I-Plot
up I-Plot
a I-Plot
rumor I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
about I-Plot
a I-Plot
good I-Plot
grade I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
movie O
with O
chris B-Actor
rock I-Actor
and O
martin B-Actor
lawrence I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
funeral I-Plot
that I-Plot
goes I-Plot
crazy I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2010 B-Year
movie O
with O
tilda B-Actor
swinton I-Actor
that O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
works I-Origin
of I-Origin
c I-Origin
s I-Origin
lewis I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
3 I-Genre
d I-Genre
movie O
based O
on O
the O
berkeley B-Origin
breathed I-Origin
book I-Origin
of O
the O
same O
name O

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
movie O
starring O
ed B-Actor
helms I-Actor
as O
an B-Plot
insurance I-Plot
agent I-Plot
who I-Plot
lives I-Plot
in I-Plot
wisconsin I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
american O
computer B-Genre
animated I-Genre
action I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
movie O
featuring O
the O
voice O
of O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
who O
plays O
a O
chameleon O

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
romantic I-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
lawrence I-Director
and O
starring O
reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
and O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
science I-Genre
fiction I-Genre
movie O
which O
stars O
lloyd B-Actor
owen I-Actor
and O
warren B-Actor
christie I-Actor
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
spaceship I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
american B-Genre
supernatural I-Genre
movie O
starring O
nicolas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
as O
a O
teutonic B-Plot
knight I-Plot
returning I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
crusades I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
british O
german O
action B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
movie O
starring O
saoirse B-Actor
ronan I-Actor
as O
the O
title O
character O

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
french B-Genre
action I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
luc B-Director
besson I-Director
and O
starring O
zoe B-Actor
saldana I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
french B-Genre
action I-Genre
movie O
directed O
by O
luc B-Director
besson I-Director
and O
starring O
zoe B-Actor
saldana I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
master B-Opinion
piece I-Opinion
with O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
dennis B-Director
dugan I-Director
and O
involves B-Plot
hawaii O

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
masterpiece B-Opinion
directed O
by O
john B-Director
lesster I-Director
featuring B-Plot
a I-Plot
race I-Plot
car I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
race I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
movie O
about O
the O
god B-Plot
of I-Plot
thunder I-Plot
who I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
greatest I-Plot
defenders I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
human I-Plot
race I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
marvel I-Origin
s I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
based O
on O
the O
asgardian B-Plot
god I-Plot
of I-Plot
thunder I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
staring O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
based O
on O
the O
1969 B-Origin
film I-Origin
cactus I-Origin
flower I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
2011 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
drama I-Genre
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
alex I-Origin
flinn I-Origin
s I-Origin
novel I-Origin
of O
the O
same O
name O

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
american B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
film O
starring O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
and O
zach B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
congress I-Plot
seat I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
blockbuster B-Opinion
hit I-Opinion
that O
featured O
a B-Plot
team I-Plot
of I-Plot
superheros I-Plot
that I-Plot
banded I-Plot
together I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
a I-Plot
supervillain I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
directed O
by O
peter B-Director
hedges I-Director
starring O
jennifer B-Actor
garner I-Actor
and O
joel B-Actor
edgerton I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
disney B-Director
movie O
about O
the O
civil B-Plot
war I-Plot
veteran I-Plot
who I-Plot
winds I-Plot
up I-Plot
on I-Plot
mars I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
captive I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
movie O
about O
an B-Plot
all I-Plot
girls I-Plot
collegiate I-Plot
singing I-Plot
group I-Plot
who I-Plot
takes I-Plot
on I-Plot
their I-Plot
cross I-Plot
campus I-Plot
male I-Plot
rivals I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
movie O
starring O
martin B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
in O
which O
the B-Plot
protagonist I-Plot
joins I-Plot
a I-Plot
company I-Plot
of I-Plot
dwarves I-Plot
to I-Plot
reclaim I-Plot
their I-Plot
mountain I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
about O
amnesia B-Plot
and I-Plot
true I-Plot
love I-Plot
starring O
rachel B-Actor
mcadams I-Actor
and O
channing B-Actor
tatum I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
2012 B-Year
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
and O
starring O
michael B-Actor
fassbender I-Actor
and O
guy B-Actor
pearce I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
winning I-Award
movie I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
picture I-Award
starring O
colin B-Actor
firth I-Actor
depicting O
a B-Plot
king I-Plot
of I-Plot
britian I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
speech I-Plot
problem I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
action B-Genre
movie O
where O
jason B-Actor
statham I-Actor
has B-Plot
to I-Plot
rescue I-Plot
his I-Plot
boss I-Plot
played O
by O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
movie O
where O
he B-Plot
is I-Plot
the I-Plot
cocky I-Plot
gangster I-Plot
from I-Plot
cuba I-Plot
called O

what O
is O
the O
alfred B-Director
hitchcock I-Director
movie O
released O
in O
the O
30 B-Year
s I-Year
that O
was O
loosely B-Origin
based I-Origin
from I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
animated B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
of I-Origin
the I-Origin
same I-Origin
name I-Origin
that O
features B-Plot
a I-Plot
spider I-Plot
a I-Plot
rat I-Plot
and I-Plot
some I-Plot
pig I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
animated B-Genre
movie O
about O
anthropomorphic B-Plot
animals I-Plot
that O
is O
a O
more O
adult O
version O
of O
a O
child O
s O
movie O

what O
is O
the O
animated B-Genre
movie I-Genre
from O
disney B-Director
that O
took O
a O
fresh B-Opinion
adventurous I-Opinion
take O
on O
the O
fairy B-Origin
tale I-Origin
classic I-Origin
rapunzel I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
animated B-Genre
movie O
starring O
a O
dog O
with O
a O
lightning O
sign O
as O
a O
birthmark O
on O
him O

what O
is O
the O
arguably O
most B-Opinion
popular I-Opinion
1973 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O
about O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
possessed I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
demon I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
award B-Award
winning I-Award
movie O
adaptation B-Origin
of I-Origin
an I-Origin
alice I-Origin
walker I-Origin
book I-Origin
starring O
danny B-Actor
glover I-Actor
and O
whoopi B-Actor
goldberg I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
black B-Genre
and I-Genre
white I-Genre
critically B-Opinion
acclaimed I-Opinion
suspense B-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
hitchcock B-Director
released O
in O
1960 B-Year

what O
is O
the O
blockbuster B-Opinion
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
about O
a O
family B-Plot
of I-Plot
vampires I-Plot
who I-Plot
go I-Plot
to I-Plot
high I-Plot
school I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
cameron B-Actor
diaz I-Actor
movie O
in O
which O
she B-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
win I-Plot
money I-Plot
for I-Plot
her I-Plot
class I-Plot
having I-Plot
the I-Plot
highest I-Plot
standardized I-Plot
test I-Plot
scores I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
channing B-Actor
tatum I-Actor
and O
amanda B-Actor
seyfried I-Actor
romance B-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
soldier I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
conservative I-Plot
girl I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
christmas B-Genre
movie I-Genre
with O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
ed I-Actor
asner I-Actor
and O
bob B-Actor
newhart I-Actor
where O
will O
ferrell O
s O
character O
is O
searching B-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
real I-Plot
dad I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
classic B-Genre
cartoon I-Genre
christmas I-Genre
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
comic I-Origin
strip I-Origin
about O
a B-Plot
boy I-Plot
his I-Plot
friends I-Plot
his I-Plot
dog I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
bird I-Plot
named O
woodstock B-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
classic B-Genre
disney I-Genre
movie O
based B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
pale I-Plot
princess I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
helpful I-Plot
short I-Plot
friends I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
classic B-Opinion
mickey B-Actor
rooney I-Actor
and O
judy B-Actor
garland I-Actor
movie O
about O
two B-Plot
young I-Plot
artists I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
it I-Plot
in I-Plot
show I-Plot
biz I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
classic B-Opinion
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
about O
a O
scruffy B-Plot
dog I-Plot
who I-Plot
saves I-Plot
the I-Plot
day I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
classic B-Genre
movie O
with O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
in B-Plot
a I-Plot
mental I-Plot
institution I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
indian I-Plot
friend I-Plot
chief I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
claymation B-Genre
movie I-Genre
by O
tim B-Director
burton I-Director
with O
the O
skeleton B-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
kids I-Plot
that I-Plot
kidnap I-Plot
santa I-Plot
clause I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
coen B-Director
brother I-Director
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
hunter I-Plot
that I-Plot
comes I-Plot
upon I-Plot
a I-Plot
drug I-Plot
deal I-Plot
gone I-Plot
wrong I-Plot
and I-Plot
violence I-Plot
ensues I-Plot
starring O
javier B-Actor
bardem I-Actor
and O
tommy B-Actor
lee I-Actor
jones I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
colin B-Actor
farrell I-Actor
movie O
in O
which O
he O
plays O
a B-Plot
normal I-Plot
guy I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
memories I-Plot
of I-Plot
being I-Plot
a I-Plot
spy I-Plot
implanted I-Plot
in I-Plot
his I-Plot
head I-Plot
and I-Plot
it I-Plot
goes I-Plot
all I-Plot
wrong I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
comedy B-Genre
about O
a O
medical B-Plot
encampment I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
korean I-Plot
war I-Plot
that O
led O
to O
a O
successful O
television O
series O
starring O
alan B-Actor
alda I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
comedy B-Genre
where O
ryan B-Actor
reynolds I-Actor
and O
jason B-Actor
bateman I-Actor
swap B-Plot
bodies I-Plot
and I-Plot
learn I-Plot
what I-Plot
their I-Plot
own I-Plot
life I-Plot
is I-Plot
really I-Plot
about I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
comidy B-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
african I-Plot
american I-Plot
man I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
able I-Plot
to I-Plot
hear I-Plot
animals I-Plot
when I-Plot
they I-Plot
are I-Plot
talking I-Plot
to I-Plot
him I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
crazy B-Opinion
60 B-Year
s I-Year
british B-Plot
movie O
about B-Plot
theives I-Plot
that O
was O
banned O
for O
a O
bit O
because O
they O
were O
afraid O
of O
copycats O

what O
is O
the O
cult B-Opinion
classic I-Opinion
movie O
with O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
in B-Plot
which I-Plot
he O
is O
called O
the O
one O

what O
is O
the O
darren B-Director
aronofsky I-Director
directed O
film O
starring O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
as O
a O
ballet B-Plot
dancer I-Plot
that I-Plot
sees I-Plot
strange I-Plot
illusions I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
denzel B-Actor
washington I-Actor
post B-Genre
apocalyptic I-Genre
movie O
in O
which O
he B-Plot
is I-Plot
protecting I-Plot
the I-Plot
very I-Plot
last I-Plot
bible I-Plot
in I-Plot
existence I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
disney B-Director
s I-Director
pixar I-Director
movie O
featuring O
children B-Plot
s I-Plot
toys I-Plot
walking I-Plot
and I-Plot
talking I-Plot
as I-Plot
if I-Plot
they I-Plot
were I-Plot
alive I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
disney B-Director
animated B-Genre
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
princess I-Plot
who I-Plot
lives I-Plot
under I-Plot
the I-Plot
sea I-Plot
and I-Plot
wants I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
legs I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
disney B-Director
film O
featuring O
a O
princess B-Character_Name
aurora I-Character_Name
who O
is O
put B-Plot
under I-Plot
a I-Plot
sleeping I-Plot
spell I-Plot
until I-Plot
awakened I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
kiss I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
disney B-Director
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
robot I-Plot
made I-Plot
to I-Plot
clean I-Plot
up I-Plot
trash I-Plot
on I-Plot
earth I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
disney B-Director
movie O
that O
features O
lifelike B-Plot
cars I-Plot
that I-Plot
can I-Plot
talk I-Plot
and I-Plot
interact I-Plot
with I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
that I-Plot
also I-Plot
race I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
documentary B-Genre
that O
is O
written O
directed O
and O
starred O
michael B-Director
moore I-Director
about O
the B-Plot
highly I-Plot
profitable I-Plot
american I-Plot
health I-Plot
care I-Plot
industry I-Plot
to I-Plot
other I-Plot
nations I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
early B-Year
90 I-Year
s I-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
action I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
starring O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
family B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
that O
is O
really B-Opinion
good I-Opinion
to I-Opinion
watch I-Opinion
at I-Opinion
christmas I-Opinion
time I-Opinion
that O
had O
the O
newest O
version O
released O
in O
2006 B-Year
and O
stars O
john B-Actor
goodman I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
famous B-Opinion
cult I-Opinion
classic I-Opinion
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
girl I-Plot
whose I-Plot
first I-Plot
love I-Plot
returns I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
form I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
pirate I-Plot
to I-Plot
kidnap I-Plot
her I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
man I-Plot
she I-Plot
is I-Plot
about I-Plot
to I-Plot
marry I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
famous B-Opinion
cult I-Opinion
classic I-Opinion
movie O
with O
samuel B-Actor
jackson I-Actor
and O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
dances O
with O
uma B-Actor
thurman I-Actor
in O
a O
well B-Plot
known I-Plot
scene O

what O
is O
the O
famous B-Opinion
humphrey B-Actor
bogart I-Actor
movie O
with O
the O
popular O
quote O
here B-Quote
s I-Quote
looking I-Quote
at I-Quote
you I-Quote
kid I-Quote

what O
is O
the O
fantasy B-Genre
drama I-Genre
released O
in O
1985 B-Year
starring O
matthew B-Actor
broderick I-Actor
rutger I-Actor
hauer I-Actor
and O
michelle B-Actor
pfeiffer I-Actor
about O
a B-Plot
thief I-Plot
escaping I-Plot
a I-Plot
dungeon I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
fantasy B-Genre
romance I-Genre
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
teen I-Plot
is I-Plot
transformed I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
hideous I-Plot
monster I-Plot
in I-Plot
order I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
true I-Plot
love I-Plot
and O
stars O
alex B-Actor
pettyfer I-Actor
and O
vanessa B-Actor
hudgens I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
film O
about O
two B-Plot
athletes I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
1924 I-Plot
olympics I-Plot
that O
won O
the O
best B-Award
picture I-Award
oscar I-Award
award I-Award
at I-Award
the I-Award
54 I-Award
th I-Award
academy I-Award
awards I-Award

what O
is O
the O
film O
featuring O
jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor
in O
which O
they B-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
their I-Plot
memories I-Plot
erased I-Plot
after I-Plot
ending I-Plot
their I-Plot
relationship I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
final B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
an I-Relationship
8 I-Relationship
film I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
starring O
a O
boy B-Plot
wizard I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
friends I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
first B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
starring O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
cyborg I-Plot
sent I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
to I-Plot
kill I-Plot
john B-Character_Name
connor I-Character_Name
the B-Plot
leader I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
future I-Plot
resistance I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
machines I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
first B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
starring O
sigourney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor
and O
directed O
by O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
spaceship I-Plot
that I-Plot
encounters I-Plot
terrible I-Plot
extraterrestrials I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
first B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
directed O
by O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
about B-Plot
an I-Plot
island I-Plot
inhabited I-Plot
by I-Plot
dinosaurs I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
fred B-Actor
astaire I-Actor
and O
judy B-Actor
garland I-Actor
movie O
with O
the O
song B-Soundtrack
about I-Soundtrack
a I-Soundtrack
bonnet I-Soundtrack

what O
is O
the O
horror B-Genre
movie O
with O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
in O
which O
his B-Plot
family I-Plot
goes I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
haunted I-Plot
hotel I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
jason B-Actor
statham I-Actor
where O
he B-Plot
plays I-Plot
a I-Plot
hitman I-Plot
who I-Plot
teaches I-Plot
the I-Plot
art I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
job I-Plot
to I-Plot
another I-Plot
guy I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
and O
ewan B-Actor
mcgregor I-Actor
movie O
about O
a O
man B-Plot
who I-Plot
after I-Plot
a I-Plot
car I-Plot
crash I-Plot
decides I-Plot
to I-Plot
live I-Plot
life I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
fullest I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
in I-Plot
jail I-Plot
and I-Plot
meets I-Plot
his I-Plot
gay I-Plot
lover I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
malcolm B-Actor
mcdowell I-Actor
movie O
where O
he O
plays O
a B-Plot
miscreant I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
reformed I-Plot
through I-Plot
a I-Plot
controversial I-Plot
program I-Plot
in I-Plot
prison I-Plot
that I-Plot
makes I-Plot
him I-Plot
incapable I-Plot
of I-Plot
committing I-Plot
crime I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
marvel B-Origin
comic I-Origin
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
god I-Plot
of I-Plot
thunder I-Plot
who I-Plot
comes I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot
and I-Plot
fights I-Plot
his I-Plot
brother I-Plot
loki B-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
film O
which O
also O
features O
gene B-Actor
wilder I-Actor
that O
tells B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
men I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
create I-Plot
a I-Plot
broadway I-Plot
flop I-Plot
in I-Plot
order I-Plot
to I-Plot
bilk I-Plot
money I-Plot
from I-Plot
investors I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
most O
famous B-Opinion
comedy B-Genre
about B-Plot
air I-Plot
travel I-Plot
that O
was O
made O
in O
1980 B-Year
and O
parodies B-Plot
disaster I-Plot
films I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
most B-Relationship
recent I-Relationship
bond I-Relationship
film I-Relationship
called O
with O
the O
new O
bond B-Character_Name
played O
by O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
move O
about O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
saves I-Plot
jewish I-Plot
people I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
holocaust I-Plot
by I-Plot
having I-Plot
them I-Plot
work I-Plot
in I-Plot
his I-Plot
factory I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
1800 B-Plot
s I-Plot
magic I-Plot
entertainment I-Plot
shows I-Plot
that O
is O
not O
the O
prestige O
with O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
mother I-Plot
witnessing I-Plot
her I-Plot
daughter I-Plot
slowly I-Plot
become I-Plot
possessed I-Plot
and I-Plot
start I-Plot
acting I-Plot
demonic I-Plot
ending I-Plot
with I-Plot
her I-Plot
being I-Plot
exorcised I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
teenager I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
the I-Plot
perfect I-Plot
date I-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
dance I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
ballet B-Plot
slippers I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
rouge I-Plot
that O
came O
out O
in O
the O
40 B-Year
s I-Year

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
making B-Plot
a I-Plot
broadway I-Plot
show I-Plot
with O
the O
song O
about O
a O
road O
in O
new O
york O
that O
is O
from O
the O
30 B-Year
s I-Year

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
barbarian B-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
after I-Plot
the I-Plot
warlord I-Plot
that I-Plot
destroyed I-Plot
his I-Plot
village I-Plot
and I-Plot
killed I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
child I-Plot
featuring O
jason B-Actor
momoa I-Actor
and O
rose B-Actor
mcgowan I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
cop B-Plot
who I-Plot
goes I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
a I-Plot
missing I-Plot
girl I-Plot
on I-Plot
an I-Plot
island I-Plot
that I-Plot
turns I-Plot
out I-Plot
to I-Plot
have I-Plot
a I-Plot
strange I-Plot
sexual I-Plot
cult I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
famous B-Plot
luxury I-Plot
liner I-Plot
that I-Plot
sinks I-Plot
because I-Plot
of I-Plot
an I-Plot
iceberg I-Plot
and O
stars O
leonardo B-Actor
di I-Actor
caprio I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor
as O
lovers O

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
asleep I-Plot
and I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
kissed I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
prince I-Plot
to I-Plot
wake I-Plot
up I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
guy B-Plot
in I-Plot
jail I-Plot
and I-Plot
had I-Plot
that I-Plot
really I-Plot
big I-Plot
man I-Plot
that I-Plot
died I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
making I-Plot
of I-Plot
facebook I-Plot
starring O
justin B-Actor
timberlake I-Actor
and O
jesse B-Actor
eisenberg I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
two B-Plot
guys I-Plot
who I-Plot
fall I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
same I-Plot
woman I-Plot
that O
is O
a O
french B-Genre
movie O
from O
the O
60 B-Year
s I-Year

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
the O
two B-Plot
lions I-Plot
in I-Plot
africa I-Plot
that I-Plot
killed I-Plot
a I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
people I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
late I-Plot
1800 I-Plot
s I-Plot
starring O
val B-Actor
kilmer I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
about O
zach B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
and O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
are O
running B-Plot
for I-Plot
president I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
action B-Genre
animated I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
that O
was O
released O
in O
2009 B-Year
and O
directed O
by O
carlos B-Director
saldanha I-Director
and O
mike B-Director
thurmeier I-Director
while O
some O
of O
the O
cast O
include O
ray B-Actor
romano I-Actor
john I-Actor
leguizamo I-Actor
and O
denis B-Actor
leary I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
fairy I-Origin
tale I-Origin
with O
kristen B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
the O
evil B-Plot
witch I-Plot
played O
by O
charlize B-Actor
theron I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
play I-Origin
about O
a B-Plot
king I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
daughters I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
based O
on O
actual O
events O
where O
a B-Plot
ship I-Plot
crashes I-Plot
into I-Plot
an I-Plot
iceberg I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
based O
on O
another O
jrr B-Origin
tolkien I-Origin
book I-Origin
but O
not O
the O
lord B-Character_Name
of I-Character_Name
the I-Character_Name
rings I-Character_Name
trilogy I-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
movie O
based O
on B-Origin
the I-Origin
louisa I-Origin
may I-Origin
allcott I-Origin
novel I-Origin
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
mother I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
4 I-Plot
daughters I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
directed O
by O
joe B-Director
carnahan I-Director
that O
involves B-Plot
iraq I-Plot
war I-Plot
veterans I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
directed O
by O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
where O
an B-Plot
arkansas I-Plot
waitress I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
housewife I-Plot
shoot I-Plot
a I-Plot
rapist I-Plot
and I-Plot
take I-Plot
off I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
66 I-Plot
thunderbird I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
from O
the O
60 B-Year
s I-Year
that O
has O
rita B-Actor
moreno I-Actor
and O
is O
about B-Plot
star I-Plot
crossed I-Plot
lovers I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
in O
which O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
played O
a B-Plot
one I-Plot
eyed I-Plot
marshal I-Plot
helping I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
find I-Plot
her I-Plot
father I-Plot
s I-Plot
killer I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
made O
in O
1984 B-Year
about O
a O
famous B-Plot
heavy I-Plot
metal I-Plot
band I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
fateful I-Plot
tour I-Plot
documented O
by O
rob B-Director
reiner I-Director

what O
is O
the O
movie O
released O
in O
2010 B-Year
with O
one O
of O
ryan B-Actor
dunns I-Actor
final O
appearances O
and O
a B-Plot
ton I-Plot
of I-Plot
ridiculous I-Plot
stunts I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
released O
in O
2012 B-Year
about O
a B-Plot
surfer I-Plot
enlists I-Plot
the I-Plot
help I-Plot
of I-Plot
local I-Plot
legend I-Plot
starring O
jonny B-Actor
weston I-Actor
gerard I-Actor
butler I-Actor
and O
elisabeth B-Actor
shue I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
remake B-Relationship
of O
one O
of O
william O
shakespheare O
s O
classic B-Genre
tragedies I-Genre
starring O
kenneth B-Actor
brannaugh I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
and O
they B-Plot
are I-Plot
in I-Plot
jail I-Plot
and I-Plot
play I-Plot
football I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
guards I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
adrien B-Actor
brody I-Actor
as O
a O
scientist B-Plot
who I-Plot
combines I-Plot
the I-Plot
dna I-Plot
of I-Plot
different I-Plot
animals I-Plot
to I-Plot
create I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
hybrid I-Plot
animal I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
billy B-Actor
bob I-Actor
thorton I-Actor
about O
the O
mentally B-Plot
disabled I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
kills I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
woman I-Plot
helping I-Plot
him I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor
that O
involves O
a B-Plot
secret I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
group I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
gene B-Actor
hackman I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
tech I-Plot
specialist I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
hired I-Plot
to I-Plot
record I-Plot
people I-Plot
s I-Plot
conversations I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
jake B-Actor
gylenhaal I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
viagra I-Plot
salesman I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
parkinson I-Plot
s I-Plot
disease I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
in B-Plot
iraq I-Plot
where I-Plot
he I-Plot
discovers I-Plot
faulty I-Plot
intelligence I-Plot
and I-Plot
goes I-Plot
rogue I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
starring O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
as O
the O
brilliant B-Plot
mathematician I-Plot
john B-Character_Name
nash I-Character_Name
and O
directed O
by O
ron B-Director
howard I-Director

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
is O
well O
known O
for O
that O
was O
made O
in O
1966 B-Year
about B-Plot
cowboys I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
west I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
features O
animated B-Genre
lions B-Plot
in I-Plot
africa I-Plot
where I-Plot
the I-Plot
king I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
land I-Plot
dies I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
son I-Plot
runs I-Plot
away I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
has O
couples B-Plot
and I-Plot
singles I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
has I-Plot
their I-Plot
lives I-Plot
intertwining I-Plot
over I-Plot
the I-Plot
course I-Plot
of I-Plot
one I-Plot
night I-Plot
and O
stars O
michelle B-Actor
pfeiffer I-Actor
zac I-Actor
efron I-Actor
halle I-Actor
berry I-Actor
and O
many O
more O
known O
actors O

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
has O
the O
young B-Plot
male I-Plot
pop I-Plot
star I-Plot
and O
he O
is O
performing B-Plot
a I-Plot
live I-Plot
concert I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
puts O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
cowboy I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
from I-Plot
aliens I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
stars O
the O
awesome O
cast O
of O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
danny I-Actor
glover I-Actor
and O
gary B-Actor
busey I-Actor
that O
was O
full O
of O
action B-Genre
released O
in O
1987 B-Year

what O
is O
the O
movie O
that O
was O
a O
remake B-Origin
of I-Origin
an I-Origin
old I-Origin
movie I-Origin
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
women I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
rich I-Plot
house I-Plot
owner I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
a O
father B-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
estranged I-Plot
son I-Plot
travel I-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
country I-Plot
with I-Plot
their I-Plot
boxing I-Plot
robot I-Plot
to I-Plot
try I-Plot
and I-Plot
regain I-Plot
the I-Plot
glory I-Plot
the I-Plot
father I-Plot
knew I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
a I-Plot
boxer I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
horse I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
newly I-Plot
born I-Plot
takes I-Plot
over I-Plot
the I-Plot
horse I-Plot
racing I-Plot
scene I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
social I-Plot
worker I-Plot
fights I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
from I-Plot
her I-Plot
abusive I-Plot
parents I-Plot
and O
is O
a O
thriller B-Genre
starring O
ren B-Actor
e I-Actor
zellweger I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
actor O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
plays B-Plot
himself I-Plot
as I-Plot
both I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
an B-Plot
old I-Plot
man I-Plot
learns I-Plot
the I-Plot
error I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
ways I-Plot
on I-Plot
christmas I-Plot
eve I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
burt B-Actor
reynolds I-Actor
plays O
an B-Plot
ex I-Plot
football I-Plot
player I-Plot
who I-Plot
lands I-Plot
in I-Plot
jail I-Plot
and I-Plot
then I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
organize I-Plot
a I-Plot
football I-Plot
team I-Plot
of I-Plot
convicts I-Plot
to I-Plot
play I-Plot
a I-Plot
game I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
guards I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
prison I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
dorothy B-Character_Name
and B-Plot
her I-Plot
little I-Plot
dog I-Plot
get I-Plot
transported I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
magical I-Plot
world I-Plot
full I-Plot
of I-Plot
witches I-Plot
and I-Plot
flying I-Plot
monkeys I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
jonah B-Actor
hill I-Actor
works B-Plot
for I-Plot
a I-Plot
record I-Plot
company I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
a I-Plot
washed I-Plot
up I-Plot
rock I-Plot
star I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
comeback I-Plot
concert I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
kathy B-Actor
bates I-Actor
coined O
the O
catchphrase O
tawanda B-Quote
while O
committing B-Plot
vehicular I-Plot
assault I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
goes B-Plot
into I-Plot
other I-Plot
people I-Plot
s I-Plot
dreams I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
the O
guy B-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
kill I-Plot
his I-Plot
future I-Plot
self I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
sent I-Plot
back I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
mafia I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
where O
two B-Plot
nerds I-Plot
go I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
road I-Plot
trip I-Plot
and I-Plot
befriend I-Plot
an I-Plot
alien I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
anne B-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
and O
meryl B-Actor
streep I-Actor
where O
meryl B-Actor
streep I-Actor
plays O
the O
horrible O
boss O
called O

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
anthony B-Actor
hopkins I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
cannibal I-Plot
who I-Plot
helps I-Plot
solve I-Plot
murders I-Plot
with O
jodie B-Actor
foster I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
and O
hilary B-Actor
swank I-Actor
about O
the O
female B-Plot
boxing I-Plot
champion I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
paralyzed I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
and O
sandra B-Actor
bullock I-Actor
in O
which O
keanu B-Actor
plays O
a B-Plot
cop I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
keep I-Plot
a I-Plot
bus I-Plot
driving I-Plot
above I-Plot
50 I-Plot
mph I-Plot
so I-Plot
a I-Plot
bomb I-Plot
wo I-Plot
n I-Plot
t I-Plot
go I-Plot
off I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
as O
zeus B-Character_Name
and O
sam B-Actor
worthington I-Actor
as O
perseus B-Character_Name
battling B-Plot
the I-Plot
forces I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
underworld I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor
from O
the O
50 B-Year
s I-Year
where B-Plot
he I-Plot
works I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
docks I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
steve B-Actor
carrell I-Actor
in O
which O
his B-Plot
wife I-Plot
cheats I-Plot
on I-Plot
him I-Plot
with I-Plot
kevin B-Actor
bacon I-Actor
and B-Plot
he I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
win I-Plot
her I-Plot
back I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
the B-Actor
rock I-Actor
and O
that O
guy O
who O
plays O
peeta B-Character_Name
mellark I-Character_Name
on O
hunger O
games O

what O
is O
the O
movie O
with O
tina B-Actor
fey I-Actor
and O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
in O
which O
they B-Plot
play I-Plot
a I-Plot
boring I-Plot
married I-Plot
couple I-Plot
whose I-Plot
regular I-Plot
date I-Plot
night I-Plot
gets I-Plot
messed I-Plot
up I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
musical B-Genre
romance I-Genre
starring O
judy B-Actor
garland I-Actor
james I-Actor
mason I-Actor
and O
jack B-Actor
carson I-Actor
about O
a B-Plot
movie I-Plot
star I-Plot
helps I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
singer I-Plot
actress I-Plot
find I-Plot
fame I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
a O
disney B-Director
sequel B-Relationship
featuring O
a O
cast O
of O
different O
talking O
automobiles O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
lewis B-Origin
carrol I-Origin
s O
famous B-Opinion
psychedelic O
fairy B-Genre
tale I-Genre
most O
recently O
adapted B-Origin
by O
tim B-Director
burton I-Director

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
one O
of O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
s O
latest O
movies O
that O
is O
a O
comedy B-Genre
and O
deals B-Plot
with I-Plot
age I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
s O
character O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
movie O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
the I-Plot
holocaust I-Plot
that O
is O
in O
black O
and O
white O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
2012 B-Year
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
film O
that O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
with I-Plot
multiple I-Plot
stories I-Plot
over I-Plot
multiple I-Plot
centuries I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
animated B-Genre
movie O
where O
the O
main O
character O
was O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
and I-Plot
she I-Plot
was I-Plot
leading I-Plot
a I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
warriors I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
where B-Plot
the I-Plot
main I-Plot
guy I-Plot
went I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
lamborgini I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
where B-Plot
the I-Plot
man I-Plot
saves I-Plot
the I-Plot
jews I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
nazis I-Plot
by I-Plot
employing I-Plot
them I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
superhero B-Genre
movie O
where O
clark B-Character_Name
kent I-Character_Name
is O
played O
by O
christopher B-Actor
reeve I-Actor
and O
lex B-Character_Name
luthor I-Character_Name
is O
played O
by O
gene B-Actor
hackman I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
that O
teen B-Genre
romance I-Genre
drama I-Genre
starring O
miley B-Actor
cyrus I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
1978 B-Year
movie O
where O
jill B-Actor
clayburgh I-Actor
plays O
a B-Plot
wealthy I-Plot
woman I-Plot
from I-Plot
manhattan I-Plot
s I-Plot
upper I-Plot
east I-Plot
side I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
1982 B-Year
movie O
where O
rick B-Character_Name
deckard I-Character_Name
has B-Plot
to I-Plot
track I-Plot
down I-Plot
replicants I-Plot
who I-Plot
hijacked I-Plot
a I-Plot
ship I-Plot
in I-Plot
space I-Plot
and I-Plot
terminate I-Plot
them I-Plot
before I-Plot
they I-Plot
returned I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot
to I-Plot
seek I-Plot
their I-Plot
maker I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
1994 B-Year
movies O
directed O
by O
george B-Director
seaton I-Director
and O
is O
about B-Plot
an I-Plot
old I-Plot
man I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
2010 B-Year
disney B-Director
movie O
in O
which O
mandy B-Actor
moore I-Actor
voice O
the O
character O
rapunzel B-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
2010 B-Year
medical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
film O
starring O
brendan B-Actor
fraser I-Actor
harrison I-Actor
ford I-Actor
and O
keri B-Actor
russell I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
2010 B-Year
psychological B-Genre
thriller I-Genre
directed O
by O
darren B-Director
aronofsky I-Director
and O
starring O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
80 B-Year
s I-Year
movie O
about O
mozart B-Character_Name
that O
had B-Plot
a I-Plot
hit I-Plot
song I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
same I-Plot
name I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
90 B-Year
s I-Year
movie O
about O
these O
astronauts B-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
stuck I-Plot
in I-Plot
space I-Plot
and I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
saved I-Plot
and O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
true I-Origin
story I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
animated B-Genre
movie O
where O
mike B-Actor
myers I-Actor
voices O
the O
lead O
character O
who O
is O
a B-Plot
big I-Plot
green I-Plot
ogre I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
classic B-Opinion
1980 B-Year
s I-Year
animated B-Genre
film O
where O
a B-Plot
mouse I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
acquire I-Plot
the I-Plot
help I-Plot
of I-Plot
intelligent I-Plot
rats I-Plot
to I-Plot
move I-Plot
her I-Plot
home I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
tractor I-Plot
path I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
comedy B-Genre
movie O
with O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor
in O
which O
she B-Plot
pretends I-Plot
to I-Plot
sleep I-Plot
with I-Plot
geeks I-Plot
nerds I-Plot
and I-Plot
unpopular I-Plot
kids I-Plot
to I-Plot
help I-Plot
their I-Plot
reputations I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
disney B-Director
movie O
where O
princess B-Character_Name
jazmine I-Character_Name
goes B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
magic I-Plot
carpet I-Plot
ride I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
lease I-Plot
character I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
disney B-Director
movie O
with O
the O
baby O
elephant O
with O
the O
big O
ears O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
disney B-Genre
pixar I-Genre
movie O
that O
made O
clown O
fish O
become O
popular O
pets O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
dramatic B-Opinion
documentary B-Genre
by O
disney B-Director
about O
creatures B-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
sea I-Plot
and I-Plot
those I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
disappearing I-Plot
from I-Plot
it I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
fifth B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in O
the O
series O
about O
how B-Plot
you I-Plot
ca I-Plot
n I-Plot
t I-Plot
cheat I-Plot
death I-Plot
or I-Plot
fate I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
film O
where O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
lady I-Plot
helps I-Plot
reunite I-Plot
two I-Plot
lost I-Plot
loves I-Plot
based I-Plot
on I-Plot
letters I-Plot
she I-Plot
found I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
wall I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
first B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
trilogy B-Relationship
directed O
by O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
first B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
that O
features O
the O
infamous O
jason B-Character_Name
voorhees I-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
fourth B-Relationship
pirates I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
caribbean I-Relationship
movie O
that O
had O
jack B-Character_Name
sparrow I-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
guillermo B-Director
del I-Director
toro I-Director
movie O
in O
which O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
girl I-Plot
escapes I-Plot
from I-Plot
spanish I-Plot
fascism I-Plot
and I-Plot
into I-Plot
an I-Plot
eerie I-Plot
fantasy I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
horror B-Genre
movie O
in O
which O
tourists B-Plot
take I-Plot
an I-Plot
extreme I-Plot
tour I-Plot
into I-Plot
the I-Plot
town I-Plot
in I-Plot
russia I-Plot
that I-Plot
was I-Plot
abandoned I-Plot
after I-Plot
a I-Plot
nuclear I-Plot
reactor I-Plot
nearly I-Plot
leveled I-Plot
it I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
last B-Relationship
animated B-Genre
film O
that O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
did O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
last B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in O
the O
lord B-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
rings I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
main O
boat O
in O
the O
movie O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
master B-Opinion
piece I-Opinion
moved O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
lawrence I-Director
and O
has O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
in O
it O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
most O
recent O
famous B-Opinion
children B-Origin
s I-Origin
book I-Origin
that O
was O
brought O
to O
life O
on O
the O
big O
screen O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
most B-Relationship
recent I-Relationship
version O
of O
the O
legend B-Origin
that O
has O
russell B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
and O
and O
cate B-Actor
blanchett I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
about O
a O
gay B-Plot
politician I-Plot
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
true I-Origin
story I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
adapted O
from O
classic B-Genre
literature B-Origin
about O
an B-Plot
explorer I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
discovered I-Plot
tribe I-Plot
of I-Plot
lilliputuans I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
from O
2012 B-Year
that O
has O
a B-Plot
detective I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
sidekick I-Plot
that I-Plot
work I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
scotland I-Plot
yard I-Plot
in I-Plot
england I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
from O
the O
1050 B-Year
s O
where O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
and I-Plot
woman I-Plot
float I-Plot
down I-Plot
a I-Plot
river I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
boat I-Plot
and I-Plot
find I-Plot
all I-Plot
kinds I-Plot
of I-Plot
adventures I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
from O
the O
2000 B-Year
s I-Year
that O
is O
named O
after O
a O
shoe O
an O
is O
about O
fashion O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
in O
which O
a B-Plot
boy I-Plot
must I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
defeat I-Plot
the I-Plot
seven I-Plot
evil I-Plot
exes I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
girl I-Plot
he I-Plot
likes I-Plot
in I-Plot
order I-Plot
to I-Plot
win I-Plot
her I-Plot
heart I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
in O
which O
christina B-Actor
aguilera I-Actor
pink I-Actor
mya I-Actor
and O
lil B-Actor
kim I-Actor
collaborated B-Soundtrack
for I-Soundtrack
the I-Soundtrack
lead I-Soundtrack
music I-Soundtrack
track I-Soundtrack
of I-Soundtrack
the I-Soundtrack
film I-Soundtrack

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
in O
which O
gandalf B-Character_Name
and O
aragorn B-Character_Name
lead B-Plot
an I-Plot
army I-Plot
against I-Plot
sauron B-Character_Name
s O
army B-Plot
so I-Plot
frodo B-Character_Name
and O
same B-Character_Name
can B-Plot
get I-Plot
to I-Plot
mount I-Plot
doom I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
out O
of O
the O
dc B-Genre
comic I-Genre
universe I-Genre
in O
which B-Plot
the I-Plot
main I-Plot
character I-Plot
s I-Plot
weakness I-Plot
is I-Plot
kryptonite I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
sequel B-Relationship
following O
new B-Plot
york I-Plot
street I-Plot
dancers I-Plot
as I-Plot
they I-Plot
face I-Plot
off I-Plot
against I-Plot
hip I-Plot
hop I-Plot
dancers I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
staring O
amy B-Actor
adams I-Actor
and O
jason B-Actor
segel I-Actor
based B-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
television I-Plot
show I-Plot
about I-Plot
puppets I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
came O
out O
in O
2010 B-Year
about O
a O
small B-Plot
town I-Plot
whose I-Plot
water I-Plot
supply I-Plot
was I-Plot
contaminated I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
population I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
crazy I-Plot
before I-Plot
they I-Plot
die I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
features O
rebel B-Plot
genetic I-Plot
engineers I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
create I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
species I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
had O
a B-Plot
hideously I-Plot
disfigured I-Plot
masked I-Plot
dude I-Plot
who I-Plot
lived I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
theater I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
is O
about O
the B-Plot
ruler I-Plot
of I-Plot
england I-Plot
overcoming I-Plot
a I-Plot
speech I-Plot
impediment I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
greek I-Origin
myth I-Origin
of I-Origin
perseus I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
is O
directed O
by O
terry B-Director
gilliam I-Director
and O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
bureaucrat I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
retro I-Plot
future I-Plot
world I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
correct I-Plot
an I-Plot
administrative I-Plot
error I-Plot
and I-Plot
himself I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
an I-Plot
enemy I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
state I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
is O
the O
first B-Relationship
in I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
staring O
uma B-Actor
thurman I-Actor
david I-Actor
carradine I-Actor
and O
daryl B-Actor
hannah I-Actor
while O
being O
directed O
by O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
in O
2003 B-Year

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
joins B-Plot
a I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
aging I-Plot
action I-Plot
movie I-Plot
starts I-Plot
together I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
stars O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
kenneth I-Actor
branagh I-Actor
and O
helena B-Actor
bonham I-Actor
carter I-Actor
about O
a O
popular B-Plot
created O
man O
based O
on O
mary B-Origin
shelley I-Origin
s I-Origin
character I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
was O
remade O
in O
2011 B-Year
about O
a B-Plot
town I-Plot
that I-Plot
banned I-Plot
rock I-Plot
music I-Plot
and I-Plot
dancing I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
where O
a O
bike B-Plot
messenger I-Plot
picks I-Plot
up I-Plot
an I-Plot
envelope I-Plot
that I-Plot
attracts I-Plot
the I-Plot
interest I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
dirty I-Plot
cop I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
wife I-Plot
and I-Plot
husband I-Plot
can I-Plot
not I-Plot
concieve I-Plot
but I-Plot
decide I-Plot
to I-Plot
plant I-Plot
a I-Plot
box I-Plot
with I-Plot
what I-Plot
their I-Plot
perfect I-Plot
child I-Plot
would I-Plot
be I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
garden I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
next I-Plot
day I-Plot
a I-Plot
child I-Plot
is I-Plot
grown I-Plot
out I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
garden I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
where O
an O
unemployed B-Plot
actor I-Plot
disguises I-Plot
himself I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
a I-Plot
role I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
soap I-Plot
opera I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
where O
ash B-Character_Name
must B-Plot
battle I-Plot
an I-Plot
army I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
dead I-Plot
and I-Plot
retrieve I-Plot
the I-Plot
necronomicon I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
with O
meg B-Actor
ryan I-Actor
from O
the O
90 B-Year
s I-Year
where O
she B-Plot
meets I-Plot
this I-Plot
guy I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
different I-Plot
city I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
popular B-Genre
children I-Genre
s I-Genre
movie I-Genre
about O
the O
boy B-Plot
who I-Plot
wants I-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
the I-Plot
killer I-Plot
whale I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
recent O
animated B-Genre
hit O
movie O
that O
sir B-Director
elton I-Director
john I-Director
produced O

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
remake B-Relationship
movie O
starring O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as O
the B-Plot
kooky I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
owns I-Plot
a I-Plot
candy I-Plot
factory I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
robert B-Director
rodriguez I-Director
directed O
film O
that O
features O
dangerous B-Plot
creatures I-Plot
that I-Plot
nearly I-Plot
defeated I-Plot
both O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzeneggar I-Actor
and B-Plot
danny B-Actor
glover I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starring O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
and O
reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
veterinary I-Plot
student I-Plot
abandons I-Plot
his I-Plot
studies I-Plot
after I-Plot
his I-Plot
parents I-Plot
are I-Plot
killed I-Plot
and I-Plot
joins I-Plot
a I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
circus I-Plot
as I-Plot
their I-Plot
vet I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
second B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
lord I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
rings I-Relationship

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
in O
which O
there B-Plot
s I-Plot
a I-Plot
high I-Plot
tech I-Plot
war I-Plot
going I-Plot
on I-Plot
between I-Plot
cats I-Plot
and I-Plot
dogs I-Plot
that I-Plot
humans I-Plot
do I-Plot
n I-Plot
t I-Plot
know I-Plot
about I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
a O
recent O
children B-Genre
s I-Genre
movie I-Genre
where O
their O
caretaker B-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
very I-Plot
ugly I-Plot
face I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
silly B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
with O
natalie B-Actor
portman I-Actor
and O
james B-Actor
franco I-Actor
that O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
mid I-Plot
evil I-Plot
times I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
the O
ultimate O
action B-Genre
movie I-Genre
starring O
sylvester B-Actor
stallone I-Actor
jason I-Actor
statham I-Actor
mickey I-Actor
rourke I-Actor
jet I-Actor
li I-Actor
bruce I-Actor
willis I-Actor
and O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
this O
2011 B-Year
film O
that O
features O
a B-Plot
charismatic I-Plot
pirate I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
trail I-Plot
of I-Plot
eternal I-Plot
youth I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
this O
action B-Genre
packed O
feature O
that O
blended B-Plot
the I-Plot
old I-Plot
west I-Plot
with I-Plot
th I-Plot
galactic I-Plot
future I-Plot
that I-Plot
involved I-Plot
saloon I-Plot
and I-Plot
space I-Plot
weapon I-Plot
armbands I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
this O
classic B-Genre
movie O
set O
at O
a B-Plot
remote I-Plot
hotel I-Plot
featuring I-Plot
a I-Plot
typewriter I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
words I-Plot
all B-Quote
work I-Quote
and I-Quote
no I-Quote
play I-Quote
make I-Quote
jack I-Quote
a I-Quote
dull I-Quote
boy I-Quote

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
this O
classic B-Genre
science I-Genre
fiction I-Genre
film I-Genre
that O
includes O
lines O
like O
open B-Quote
the I-Quote
pod I-Quote
bay I-Quote
doors I-Quote

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
this O
perennial B-Opinion
holiday B-Genre
favorite B-Opinion
featuring O
an B-Plot
elderly I-Plot
miser I-Plot
learning I-Plot
the I-Plot
error I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
ways I-Plot
thanks I-Plot
to I-Plot
three I-Plot
ghostly I-Plot
visitations I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
name O
of O
this O
popular B-Origin
dc I-Origin
comic I-Origin
made O
into O
a O
movie O
where O
the O
main B-Plot
hero I-Plot
is I-Plot
able I-Plot
to I-Plot
use I-Plot
and I-Plot
perfect I-Plot
telekinesis I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
use I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
ring I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
one O
word O
title O
of O
the O
1980 B-Year
s I-Year
akira B-Director
kurosawa I-Director
samurai B-Genre
film O
that O
is O
loosely B-Origin
based I-Origin
on I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
s I-Origin
king I-Origin
lear I-Origin

what O
is O
the O
parody B-Genre
movie O
that O
makes B-Plot
fun I-Plot
of I-Plot
all I-Plot
the I-Plot
new I-Plot
teen I-Plot
craze I-Plot
movies I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
paul B-Actor
giamatti I-Actor
and O
george B-Actor
clooney I-Actor
movie O
about O
a O
man B-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
taught I-Plot
the I-Plot
lessons I-Plot
of I-Plot
dirty I-Plot
politics I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
campaign I-Plot
trail I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
and O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
comedy B-Genre
about O
a O
couple B-Plot
who I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
living I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
free I-Plot
love I-Plot
commune I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
movie O
where O
he O
plays O
a O
hippie B-Plot
named I-Plot
ned I-Plot
who I-Plot
is I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
raise I-Plot
rent I-Plot
money I-Plot
to I-Plot
return I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
farm I-Plot
he I-Plot
lived I-Plot
on I-Plot
prior I-Plot
to I-Plot
going I-Plot
to I-Plot
prison I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
pg B-Director
13 I-Director
movie O
that O
was O
well B-Opinion
known I-Opinion
for O
having O
a O
curse O
word O
in O
its O
name O

what O
is O
the O
popular O
80 B-Year
s O
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
california I-Plot
teenagers I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
into I-Plot
drugs I-Plot
sex I-Plot
and I-Plot
rock I-Plot
n I-Plot
roll I-Plot
starring O
sean B-Actor
penn I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
post B-Genre
apocalyptic I-Genre
movie O
with O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
where O
he B-Plot
wants I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
for I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
and I-Plot
child I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
and O
tony B-Director
scott I-Director
movie O
about O
the O
southern B-Plot
prostitute I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
husband I-Plot
who I-Plot
steal I-Plot
a I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
cocaine I-Plot
from I-Plot
her I-Plot
pimp I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
guys I-Plot
are I-Plot
involved I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
jewelry I-Plot
heist I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
reboot B-Relationship
of O
a O
popular B-Opinion
marvel B-Director
movie O
franchise O
with O
james B-Actor
mcavoy I-Actor
as O
a O
young O
professor B-Character_Name
x I-Character_Name
and O
michael B-Actor
fassbender I-Actor
as O
a O
young O
magneto B-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
romance B-Genre
movie O
from O
1937 B-Year
that O
stars O
barbara B-Actor
stanwyck I-Actor
john I-Actor
boles I-Actor
and O
anne B-Actor
shirley I-Actor
involves B-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
marrying I-Plot
and I-Plot
he I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
change I-Plot
her I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
romance B-Genre
movie O
with O
rachel B-Actor
mcadams I-Actor
and O
channing B-Actor
tatum I-Actor
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
wife I-Plot
who I-Plot
loses I-Plot
all I-Plot
memory I-Plot
of I-Plot
her I-Plot
husband I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
second O
installment O
of O
the O
epic B-Plot
tolkien I-Plot
trilogy I-Plot
that O
is O
directed O
by O
peter B-Director
jackson I-Director

what O
is O
the O
second O
movie O
emma B-Actor
thompson I-Actor
starred O
in O
where O
she B-Plot
played I-Plot
a I-Plot
knock I-Plot
off I-Plot
of I-Plot
mary I-Plot
poppins I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
second B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in O
the O
children B-Genre
s O
movie O
series O
about B-Plot
animals I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
zoo I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
escape I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to I-Relationship
evil I-Relationship
dead I-Relationship
in O
which O
bruce B-Actor
campbell I-Actor
gets B-Plot
sent I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
and I-Plot
has I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
a I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
zombies I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
marvel B-Origin
s I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
motorcycle B-Plot
riding I-Plot
chain I-Plot
whipping I-Plot
hero I-Plot
featuring O
nicholas B-Actor
cage I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
animated B-Genre
family I-Genre
film I-Genre
about O
a O
penguin B-Plot
born I-Plot
without I-Plot
the I-Plot
ability I-Plot
to I-Plot
sing I-Plot
but I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
talent I-Plot
for I-Plot
dancing I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
science O
fiction B-Genre
movie O
with O
sigourney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor
returning O
as O
ellen B-Character_Name
ripley I-Character_Name

what O
is O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
superhero B-Genre
movie I-Genre
starring O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
as O
a O
billionaire B-Plot
who I-Plot
builds I-Plot
a I-Plot
coat I-Plot
of I-Plot
armor I-Plot
to I-Plot
fight I-Plot
enemies I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
the O
sylvester B-Actor
stallone I-Actor
movies O
that O
star O
at O
least O
8 O
well O
known O
action B-Genre
stars O
jason B-Actor
statham I-Actor
jet I-Actor
li I-Actor
jean I-Actor
claude I-Actor
van I-Actor
damme I-Actor
bruce I-Actor
willis I-Actor
arnold I-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
chuck I-Actor
norris I-Actor
terry I-Actor
crews I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
directed O
movie O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
ii I-Plot
about I-Plot
a I-Plot
german I-Plot
man I-Plot
played O
by O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
who B-Plot
helps I-Plot
the I-Plot
jews I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
super B-Opinion
popular I-Opinion
war B-Genre
movie O
with O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
and O
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor
in O
which O
three B-Plot
of I-Plot
four I-Plot
brothers I-Plot
die I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
war I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
sword O
and O
sorcery O
2011 B-Year
movie O
directed O
by O
marcus B-Director
nispel I-Director
starring O
jason B-Actor
momoa I-Actor
and O
rachel B-Actor
nichols I-Actor

what O
is O
the O
third B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
this O
time O
set O
during O
the O
holidays O
starring O
john B-Actor
cho I-Actor
and O
kal B-Actor
penn I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
stoner I-Plot
buddies I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
third B-Relationship
harry B-Character_Name
potter I-Character_Name
movie O
where O
dementors B-Plot
are I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
move I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
escapee I-Plot
from I-Plot
prison I-Plot
who I-Plot
ends I-Plot
up I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
end I-Plot
being I-Plot
harry I-Plot
s I-Plot
godfather I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
tiny B-Plot
creature I-Plot
in O
one O
of O
dr B-Origin
seuss I-Origin
s I-Origin
stories I-Origin
that O
tries B-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
nature I-Plot
from I-Plot
evil I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
title O
of O
the O
1982 B-Year
film O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
befriends I-Plot
an I-Plot
alien I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
title O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
sigourney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor
starred O
in O
this O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
silverbacks I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
movie O
about O
a B-Plot
hit I-Plot
man I-Plot
whose I-Plot
son I-Plot
catches I-Plot
him I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
act I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
updated O
version O
of O
romeo B-Character_Name
and I-Character_Name
juliet I-Character_Name
where O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
and I-Plot
woman I-Plot
from I-Plot
two I-Plot
feuding I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
fall I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
and I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
deal I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
problems I-Plot
it I-Plot
causes I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
very B-Opinion
famous I-Opinion
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
movie O
about O
two B-Plot
bounty I-Plot
hunters I-Plot
who I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
beat I-Plot
a I-Plot
third I-Plot
before I-Plot
they I-Plot
find I-Plot
buried I-Plot
treasure I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
movie O
in O
which O
he B-Plot
is I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
santa I-Plot
s I-Plot
little I-Plot
helpers I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
woody B-Director
allen I-Director
movie O
from O
the O
70 B-Year
s I-Year
where O
he B-Plot
runs I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
cars I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
woody B-Director
allen I-Director
movie O
that O
he O
stars O
in O
and O
has B-Plot
this I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
in I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot

what O
is O
the O
world B-Genre
war I-Genre
ii I-Genre
movie I-Genre
in O
which O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
helped B-Plot
jews I-Plot
escape I-Plot
a I-Plot
concentration I-Plot
camp I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
1964 B-Year
black B-Genre
and I-Genre
white I-Genre
political I-Genre
satire I-Genre
starring O
peter B-Actor
sellers I-Actor
in O
multiple O
roles O

what O
is O
this O
1977 B-Year
movie O
starring O
richard B-Actor
dreyfuss I-Actor
and O
teri B-Actor
garr I-Actor
about B-Plot
aliens I-Plot
that I-Plot
featured I-Plot
devil I-Plot
s I-Plot
tower I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
2009 B-Year
film O
based O
on O
a O
true O
story O
that O
stars O
jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
as O
steven B-Character_Name
jay I-Character_Name
russell I-Character_Name

what O
is O
this O
2010 B-Year
comic B-Origin
book I-Origin
based I-Origin
movie O
directed O
by O
matthew B-Director
vaughn I-Director
featuring O
a O
hero B-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
green I-Plot
wet I-Plot
suit I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
2012 B-Year
action B-Genre
film I-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
board I-Origin
game I-Origin
featuring O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor

what O
is O
this O
2012 B-Year
film O
starring O
denzel B-Actor
washington I-Actor
about O
an O
airline B-Plot
pilot I-Plot
with I-Plot
an I-Plot
alcohol I-Plot
problem I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
animated B-Genre
movie I-Genre
in O
which O
two B-Plot
wolves I-Plot
have I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
their I-Plot
way I-Plot
home I-Plot
and I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
process I-Plot
find I-Plot
themselves I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
animated B-Genre
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
meets I-Plot
a I-Plot
band I-Plot
of I-Plot
unlikely I-Plot
heroes I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
animated B-Genre
movie O
where B-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
must I-Plot
escape I-Plot
a I-Plot
tower I-Plot
and I-Plot
evil I-Plot
sorceress I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
comedy B-Genre
that O
deals O
with O
aliens B-Plot
invading I-Plot
the I-Plot
earth I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
classic B-Opinion
from O
the O
1930 B-Year
s I-Year
that O
was O
inspired O
by O
a O
dream O

what O
is O
this O
classic B-Opinion
horror B-Genre
flick O
that O
stars O
the O
toy O
chuckie B-Character_Name

what O
is O
this O
classic B-Opinion
western B-Genre
mel B-Director
brooks I-Director
comedy B-Genre

what O
is O
this O
disney B-Director
classic B-Opinion
where O
a B-Plot
lovely I-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
horrendous I-Plot
monster I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
epic B-Genre
that O
takes O
place O
in O
acient O
greek O
times O

what O
is O
this O
first B-Relationship
film I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
best I-Origin
selling I-Origin
children I-Origin
s I-Origin
books I-Origin
that O
involve B-Plot
wizards I-Plot
and O
maybe O
i O
should O
n O
t O
mention O
him O

what O
is O
this O
george B-Director
lucas I-Director
masterpiece B-Opinion
that O
is O
a B-Relationship
six I-Relationship
part I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
epic I-Relationship

what O
is O
this O
grim O
fairytale B-Genre
retelling B-Relationship
that O
follows B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
princess I-Plot
white I-Plot
as I-Plot
snow I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
sidekick I-Plot
hatchet I-Plot
armed I-Plot
savior I-Plot
that I-Plot
leads I-Plot
her I-Plot
through I-Plot
the I-Plot
dark I-Plot
woods I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
hysterical O
comedy B-Genre
about O
three B-Plot
guys I-Plot
who I-Plot
defraud I-Plot
the I-Plot
company I-Plot
they I-Plot
work I-Plot
for I-Plot
and I-Plot
hate I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
imdb O
top O
20 O
movie B-Relationship
sequel I-Relationship
that O
deals B-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
italian I-Plot
mafia I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
mind B-Opinion
bending I-Opinion
film O
directed O
by O
christopher B-Director
nolan I-Director
and O
starring O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
that O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
inside I-Plot
the I-Plot
mind I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
name O
of O
this O
1977 B-Year
david B-Director
lynch I-Director
movie O
that O
takes O
place O
in O
a B-Plot
post I-Plot
apocalyptic I-Plot
industrial I-Plot
town I-Plot
of I-Plot
giant I-Plot
machines I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
constantly I-Plot
working I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
road B-Genre
trip I-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starring O
robert B-Actor
downey I-Actor
jr I-Actor
and O
zach B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
men I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
make I-Plot
it I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
birth I-Plot
of I-Plot
downey I-Plot
jr I-Plot
s I-Plot
child I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
segorney B-Actor
weaver I-Actor
classic B-Opinion
that O
depicts B-Plot
her I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
space I-Plot
marine I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
stallone B-Actor
classic B-Opinion
that O
places B-Plot
him I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
underdog I-Plot
boxer I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
star B-Opinion
studded I-Opinion
action B-Genre
sequel B-Relationship
that O
teams O
up O
slyvester B-Actor
stallone I-Actor
with O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
and O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor

what O
is O
this O
timeless B-Opinion
classic I-Opinion
that O
stars O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
prison I-Plot
guard I-Plot

what O
is O
this O
timeless B-Opinion
horror B-Genre
flick O
that O
depicts B-Plot
a I-Plot
savage I-Plot
dog I-Plot

what O
jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
movie O
is O
based B-Origin
off I-Origin
a I-Origin
popular I-Origin
jonathan I-Origin
swift I-Origin
book I-Origin

what O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
epic O
featuring O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor
is O
about B-Plot
two I-Plot
young I-Plot
people I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot

what O
james B-Director
cameron I-Director
movie O
stars O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
falls B-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
wealthy I-Plot
woman I-Plot
while I-Plot
aboard I-Plot
a I-Plot
famous I-Plot
cruise I-Plot
ship I-Plot

what O
japanese B-Genre
anime I-Genre
features O
a B-Plot
10 I-Plot
year I-Plot
old I-Plot
girl I-Plot
confronting I-Plot
a I-Plot
world I-Plot
of I-Plot
monsters I-Plot
and I-Plot
witches I-Plot

what O
jerry B-Director
zuker I-Director
film O
starred O
richard B-Actor
gere I-Actor
as O
lancelot B-Character_Name
and O
sean B-Actor
connery I-Actor
as O
king B-Character_Name
arthur I-Character_Name

what B-Plot
job I-Plot
does I-Plot
rick I-Plot
take I-Plot
over I-Plot

what O
judd B-Director
apatow I-Director
film O
features O
paul B-Actor
rudd I-Actor
and O
other B-Relationship
actors I-Relationship
from I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
knocked I-Relationship
up O
taking B-Plot
on I-Plot
life I-Plot
after I-Plot
39 I-Plot

what O
julia B-Actor
roberts I-Actor
film O
set O
in O
india O
italy O
and O
bali O
is O
based B-Origin
off I-Origin
a I-Origin
best B-Award
selling I-Award
book B-Origin
by I-Origin
elizabeth I-Origin
gilbert I-Origin

what O
kathryn B-Actor
bigelow I-Actor
movie O
is O
a O
pre B-Genre
apocalyptic I-Genre
thriller I-Genre
involving B-Plot
the I-Plot
consciousness I-Plot
of I-Plot
people I-Plot
being I-Plot
used I-Plot
to I-Plot
end I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot

what O
kevin B-Director
smith I-Director
movie O
was O
originally O
titled O
a O
couple O
of O
dicks O
until O
the O
movie O
studios O
forced O
the O
name O
change O

what O
lauded B-Opinion
ang B-Director
lee I-Director
film O
is O
based O
on O
the O
best B-Origin
selling I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
yann I-Origin
martel I-Origin

what O
marvel B-Director
movie I-Director
s O
title O
is O
the O
same O
as O
the O
character O
who O
wields O
a O
mighty O
hammer O

what O
miramax B-Director
film O
features B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
photographer I-Plot
looking I-Plot
to I-Plot
expose I-Plot
a I-Plot
drug I-Plot
war I-Plot
just I-Plot
outside I-Plot
of I-Plot
rio I-Plot
de I-Plot
janero I-Plot

what O
mockumentary B-Genre
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
rock I-Plot
band I-Plot
features I-Plot
an I-Plot
amplifier I-Plot
that I-Plot
can I-Plot
be I-Plot
turned I-Plot
up I-Plot
to I-Plot
eleven I-Plot

what O
movie O
about O
the B-Plot
mob I-Plot
with O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor
and O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
was O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director

what O
movie O
adapted B-Origin
from I-Origin
a I-Origin
stephen I-Origin
king I-Origin
novel I-Origin
involves O
a B-Plot
large I-Plot
saint I-Plot
bernard I-Plot
dog I-Plot
going I-Plot
vicious I-Plot

what O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
popular I-Origin
teen I-Origin
book I-Origin
series I-Origin
spawned B-Relationship
a I-Relationship
legion I-Relationship
if I-Relationship
parodies I-Relationship
about I-Relationship
sparkly I-Relationship
vampires I-Relationship

what O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
charles I-Origin
dickens I-Origin
follows O
the O
story O
of O
ebenezer B-Character_Name
scrooge I-Character_Name
as B-Plot
he I-Plot
is I-Plot
cold I-Plot
and I-Plot
eventually I-Plot
sees I-Plot
the I-Plot
error I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
ways I-Plot
and I-Plot
reforms I-Plot
himself I-Plot

what O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
play I-Origin
written I-Origin
by I-Origin
william I-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
covers B-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
prince I-Plot
from I-Plot
denmark I-Plot
dealing I-Plot
with I-Plot
his I-Plot
fathers I-Plot
murder I-Plot

what O
movie O
centers O
around O
a B-Plot
masked I-Plot
killer I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
murder I-Plot
his I-Plot
long I-Plot
lost I-Plot
sister I-Plot
after I-Plot
his I-Plot
escape I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
mental I-Plot
institution I-Plot

what O
movie O
depicts O
the O
characters O
in O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
they I-Plot
ca I-Plot
n I-Plot
t I-Plot
discuss I-Plot
with I-Plot
an I-Plot
outsiders I-Plot

what O
movie O
directed O
by O
and O
starring O
george B-Director
clooney I-Director
was O
adapted B-Origin
from I-Origin
the I-Origin
play I-Origin
farragut I-Origin
north I-Origin

what O
movie O
directed O
by O
oliver B-Director
stone I-Director
explored B-Plot
the I-Plot
absurdities I-Plot
and I-Plot
contradictions I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
vietnam I-Plot
war I-Plot

what O
movie O
directed O
by O
taylor B-Director
hackford I-Director
does O
a B-Plot
navy I-Plot
cadet I-Plot
become I-Plot
an I-Plot
aviator I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
help I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
tough I-Plot
sergeant I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
girlfriend I-Plot

what O
movie O
does O
a B-Plot
penguin I-Plot
s I-Plot
baby I-Plot
learn I-Plot
to I-Plot
dance I-Plot

what O
movie O
does O
the O
famous O
line O
surely B-Quote
you I-Quote
ca I-Quote
n I-Quote
t I-Quote
be I-Quote
serious I-Quote
followed O
by O
oh B-Quote
i I-Quote
m I-Quote
serious I-Quote
but I-Quote
do I-Quote
n I-Quote
t I-Quote
call I-Quote
me I-Quote
shirley I-Quote
originate O
from O

what O
movie O
features O
a O
current O
australian O
super O
star O
and O
ed B-Actor
harris I-Actor
that O
s O
about O
an B-Plot
elaborate I-Plot
bank I-Plot
heist I-Plot

what O
movie O
features O
a O
martial B-Plot
arts I-Plot
wielding I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
animals I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
quest I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
an I-Plot
evil I-Plot
peacock I-Plot

what O
movie O
features B-Plot
a I-Plot
miserly I-Plot
old I-Plot
man I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
learn I-Plot
lessons I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
set I-Plot
of I-Plot
departed I-Plot
spirits I-Plot

what O
movie O
features O
a O
new B-Plot
test I-Plot
drug I-Plot
which I-Plot
helps I-Plot
the I-Plot
lead I-Plot
character I-Plot
to I-Plot
become I-Plot
a I-Plot
super I-Plot
genius I-Plot

what O
movie O
features O
teenagers B-Plot
dressing I-Plot
up I-Plot
as I-Plot
superheros I-Plot
and I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
actual I-Plot
crime I-Plot
nicholas B-Actor
cage I-Actor
is O
one B-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
parents I-Plot

what O
movie O
features O
the O
quote O
mrs B-Quote
robinson I-Quote
if I-Quote
you I-Quote
do I-Quote
n I-Quote
t I-Quote
mind I-Quote
my I-Quote
saying I-Quote
so I-Quote
this I-Quote
conversation I-Quote
is I-Quote
getting I-Quote
a I-Quote
little I-Quote
strange I-Quote

what O
movie O
featuring O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
that O
was O
directed O
by O
brian B-Director
depalma I-Director
is O
about O
the B-Plot
cocaine I-Plot
drug I-Plot
trade I-Plot
in I-Plot
florida I-Plot

what O
movie O
featuring O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
is O
about O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
commandos I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
pow I-Plot
s I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
south I-Plot
american I-Plot
rain I-Plot
forest I-Plot

what O
movie O
featuring O
gregory B-Actor
peck I-Actor
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
classic I-Origin
literary I-Origin
story I-Origin
by I-Origin
lee I-Origin
harper I-Origin

what O
movie O
finds O
a O
cast B-Plot
of I-Plot
sentient I-Plot
toys I-Plot
who I-Plot
were I-Plot
accidentally I-Plot
shipped I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
thrift I-Plot
store I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
the I-Plot
way I-Plot
back I-Plot
home I-Plot
before I-Plot
their I-Plot
owner I-Plot
goes I-Plot
away I-Plot
to I-Plot
college I-Plot

what O
movie O
from O
1995 B-Year
is O
about O
a B-Plot
serial I-Plot
killer I-Plot
who I-Plot
acts I-Plot
according I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
seven I-Plot
deadly I-Plot
sins I-Plot

what O
movie O
from O
the O
mind O
of O
joss B-Director
whedon I-Director
takes O
the O
sloppy O
formulaic O
horror B-Genre
movie O
genre O
and O
flips O
it O
on O
its O
head O

what O
movie O
gives O
a O
new B-Plot
view I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
former I-Plot
president I-Plot
as I-Plot
an I-Plot
ax I-Plot
wielding I-Plot
hero I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
supernatural I-Plot
creatures I-Plot

what O
movie O
has O
a B-Plot
female I-Plot
assassin I-Plot
that I-Plot
wakes I-Plot
up I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
coma I-Plot
and I-Plot
seeks I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
against I-Plot
her I-Plot
former I-Plot
boss I-Plot
that I-Plot
betrayed I-Plot
her I-Plot

what O
movie O
has O
a B-Plot
little I-Plot
girl I-Plot
looking I-Plot
for I-Plot
justice I-Plot
for I-Plot
her I-Plot
father I-Plot
that I-Plot
was I-Plot
murdered I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
ruthless I-Plot
outlaw I-Plot

what O
movie O
has O
demons B-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
take I-Plot
over I-Plot
a I-Plot
coffee I-Plot
shop I-Plot
it I-Plot
is I-Plot
known I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
old I-Plot
lady I-Plot
climbing I-Plot
the I-Plot
wall I-Plot

what O
movie O
has O
hayden B-Actor
panettiere I-Actor
and O
justin B-Actor
long I-Actor
doing B-Plot
the I-Plot
voice I-Plot
for I-Plot
2 I-Plot
wolves I-Plot
who I-Plot
end I-Plot
up I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
regardless I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
pack I-Plot
order I-Plot

what O
movie O
involves B-Plot
two I-Plot
college I-Plot
students I-Plot
that I-Plot
move I-Plot
in I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
same I-Plot
dorm I-Plot
resulting I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
voilent I-Plot
ending I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
a O
1986 B-Year
british B-Genre
american I-Genre
fantasy I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
jim B-Director
henson I-Director
produced O
by O
george O
lucas O
and O
starring O
david B-Actor
bowie I-Actor

what O
movie O
is O
about O
the O
now O
fallen O
angel O
gabriel B-Character_Name
coming B-Plot
to I-Plot
save I-Plot
mankind I-Plot
from I-Plot
god I-Plot
s I-Plot
wraith I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
about O
two B-Plot
laguna I-Plot
beach I-Plot
entrepreneurs I-Plot
a I-Plot
dirty I-Plot
dea I-Plot
agent I-Plot
played O
by O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
caught B-Plot
up I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
grisly I-Plot
battle I-Plot
against I-Plot
the I-Plot
mexican I-Plot
baja I-Plot
cartel I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
about O
world B-Plot
war I-Plot
i I-Plot
where I-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
s I-Plot
horse I-Plot
is I-Plot
sold I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
cavalry I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
an O
animated B-Genre
film O
about O
exotic B-Plot
birds I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
foreign I-Plot
country I-Plot
that I-Plot
is I-Plot
fun I-Plot
and I-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
good I-Plot
message I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
based O
on O
a O
true O
story O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
boy I-Plot
who I-Plot
helps I-Plot
save I-Plot
an I-Plot
aquatic I-Plot
animal I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
true I-Origin
story I-Origin
about O
three B-Plot
brothers I-Plot
involved I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
sales I-Plot
of I-Plot
alcohol I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
prohibition I-Plot

what O
movie O
is O
the O
fourth O
in O
the O
series B-Plot
of O
unusual B-Plot
encounters I-Plot
shown I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
manner I-Plot
of I-Plot
surveillance I-Plot
tapes I-Plot

what O
movie O
made O
in O
1979 B-Year
covers O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
for I-Plot
four I-Plot
nineteen I-Plot
year I-Plot
olds I-Plot
committed I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
idea I-Plot
of I-Plot
never I-Plot
growing I-Plot
up I-Plot

what O
movie O
produced O
by O
quinten B-Director
tarentino I-Director
and O
stars O
russel B-Actor
crowe I-Actor
had O
the O
tag O
line O
it B-Quote
put I-Quote
s I-Quote
the I-Quote
fu I-Quote
in I-Quote
kung I-Quote
fu I-Quote

what O
movie O
released O
in O
2001 B-Year
does O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
star O
in O
as O
a O
man B-Plot
who I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
the I-Plot
biggest I-Plot
drug I-Plot
kingpin I-Plot
in I-Plot
american I-Plot
cocaine I-Plot
market I-Plot
i O
m O
thinking O
of O
a O
movie O
in O
where O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
runs B-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
problem I-Plot
that I-Plot
many I-Plot
of I-Plot
us I-Plot
have I-Plot
never I-Plot
had I-Plot
no I-Plot
where I-Plot
to I-Plot
hide I-Plot
all I-Plot
his I-Plot
cash I-Plot

what O
movie O
released O
in O
2012 B-Year
covers O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
hobbit I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
name I-Plot
of I-Plot
bilbo B-Character_Name
baggins I-Character_Name
and B-Plot
his I-Plot
dwarf I-Plot
friends I-Plot
seeking I-Plot
to I-Plot
reclaim I-Plot
his I-Plot
home I-Plot

what O
movie O
remake B-Relationship
has O
jeff B-Actor
bridges I-Actor
filling O
in O
for O
john B-Actor
wayne I-Actor
as O
the O
famous B-Opinion
one B-Plot
eyed I-Plot
rooster B-Character_Name
cogburn I-Character_Name

what O
movie O
starred O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
hapless I-Plot
cop I-Plot
and O
eva B-Actor
mendes I-Actor
as O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
s O
wife O

what O
movie O
starring O
jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
is O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
christmas I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
the I-Origin
late I-Origin
dr I-Origin
seuss I-Origin

what O
movie O
starring O
sasha B-Actor
baron I-Actor
cohen I-Actor
features B-Plot
another I-Plot
character I-Plot
from I-Plot
his I-Plot
infamous I-Plot
and I-Plot
highly I-Plot
controversial I-Plot
show I-Plot
da B-Character_Name
ali I-Character_Name
g I-Character_Name
show I-Character_Name

what O
movie O
stars O
dudley B-Actor
moore I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
lovably I-Plot
drunk I-Plot
millionaire I-Plot
who I-Plot
risks I-Plot
being I-Plot
disinherited I-Plot
for I-Plot
falling I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
lower I-Plot
class I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
movie O
stars O
ginnifer B-Actor
goodwin I-Actor
and O
kate B-Actor
hudson I-Actor
as O
two B-Plot
friends I-Plot
who I-Plot
may I-Plot
not I-Plot
work I-Plot
it I-Plot
out I-Plot
when I-Plot
ginnifer I-Plot
has I-Plot
long I-Plot
standing I-Plot
feelings I-Plot
for I-Plot
kate I-Plot
s I-Plot
fiance I-Plot

what O
movie O
stars O
harrison B-Actor
ford I-Actor
and O
daniel B-Actor
craig I-Actor
that O
was O
directed O
by O
john B-Director
favreu I-Director
that O
mixes O
both O
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
and O
western B-Genre
genres O

what O
movie O
stars O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
and O
the O
voice O
of O
seth B-Actor
macfarlane I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
foul I-Plot
mouthed I-Plot
teddy I-Plot
bear I-Plot

what O
movie O
stars O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
zach B-Actor
galifianakis I-Actor
as O
weird B-Plot
rivals I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
dinner I-Plot
party I-Plot

what O
movie O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
nineteenth I-Plot
century I-Plot
vienna I-Plot
in O
which O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor
plays B-Plot
a I-Plot
magician I-Plot
who I-Plot
runs I-Plot
into I-Plot
his I-Plot
young I-Plot
love I-Plot
jessica B-Actor
biel I-Actor

what O
movie O
was O
about O
a B-Plot
killer I-Plot
shark I-Plot
that O
came O
out O
in O
1975 B-Year
from O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director

what O
movie O
was O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
jim B-Director
jarmusch I-Director
and O
features O
forest B-Actor
whitaker I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
hit I-Plot
man I-Plot

what O
movie O
would O
you O
need O
to O
rent O
in O
order O
to O
see O
the O
only O
starring O
role O
that O
reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
had O
in O
2011 B-Year

what O
movies O
featuring O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
focuses O
on O
survivor B-Plot
s I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
plane I-Plot
crash I-Plot
who I-Plot
are I-Plot
then I-Plot
attacked I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
pack I-Plot
of I-Plot
wild I-Plot
wolves I-Plot

what O
new B-Relationship
addition I-Relationship
to I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
about O
america B-Plot
s I-Plot
favorite I-Plot
ogre I-Plot
includes I-Plot
the I-Plot
evil I-Plot
mastermind I-Plot
rumplestiltskin I-Plot

what O
oscar B-Award
winning I-Award
gangster B-Genre
film I-Genre
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
mario I-Origin
puzo I-Origin
novel I-Origin
features O
marlon B-Actor
brando I-Actor
and O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor

what O
period B-Genre
drama I-Genre
directed O
by O
milos B-Director
forman I-Director
starred O
tom B-Actor
hulce I-Actor
as O
a O
very O
famous O
composer O

what O
pixar B-Director
animated B-Genre
film O
features O
a O
talking B-Plot
dog I-Plot
named I-Plot
dug B-Character_Name

what O
pixar B-Director
film O
was O
the O
first O
developed O
by O
the O
studio O
to O
not O
be O
nominated O
for O
an O
oscar B-Award

what O
pixar B-Director
hit O
final B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in I-Relationship
the I-Relationship
trilogy I-Relationship
came O
out O
more O
than O
ten O
years O
after O
the O
sequel O

what O
popular O
animated B-Genre
addition O
to O
the O
story O
about O
america B-Plot
s I-Plot
favorite I-Plot
ogre I-Plot
included I-Plot
rumpelstiltskin B-Character_Name
an B-Plot
evil I-Plot
magical I-Plot
contract I-Plot
writer I-Plot

what O
popular B-Opinion
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
film O
features O
the O
son B-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
virtual I-Plot
world I-Plot
designer I-Plot
who I-Plot
gets I-Plot
trapped I-Plot
in I-Plot
one I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
dimensions I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot
designed I-Plot

what O
powerful B-Plot
warrior I-Plot
came I-Plot
to I-Plot
earth I-Plot
from I-Plot
asgard I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
known I-Plot
as I-Plot
the I-Plot
god I-Plot
of I-Plot
thunder I-Plot

what O
recent O
prequel O
to O
a O
famous B-Opinion
apeocolypse B-Genre
classic I-Genre
featured O
the B-Plot
beginning I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
end I-Plot
of I-Plot
society I-Plot
due I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
new I-Plot
species I-Plot
of I-Plot
sentient I-Plot
apes I-Plot
taking I-Plot
over I-Plot

what O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
movie O
starring O
harrison B-Actor
ford I-Actor
is O
based O
on O
do B-Origin
androids I-Origin
dream I-Origin
of I-Origin
electric I-Origin
sheep I-Origin
by I-Origin
philip I-Origin
k I-Origin
dick I-Origin

what O
ridley B-Director
scott I-Director
science B-Genre
fiction I-Genre
epic O
takes B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
near I-Plot
future I-Plot
focusing I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
creation I-Plot
of I-Plot
mankind I-Plot

what O
robert B-Actor
dinero I-Actor
and O
joe B-Actor
pesci I-Actor
movie O
centers O
around O
two B-Plot
mobster I-Plot
friends I-Plot
that I-Plot
run I-Plot
a I-Plot
gaming I-Plot
establishment I-Plot

what O
romantic B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starring O
steve B-Actor
carell I-Actor
and O
ryan B-Actor
gosling I-Actor
focused O
on O
the O
intertwined B-Plot
love I-Plot
lives I-Plot
of I-Plot
many I-Plot
characters I-Plot

what O
romantic B-Genre
feature O
from O
the O
mid B-Year
90 I-Year
s I-Year
covers O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
people I-Plot
who I-Plot
meet I-Plot
on I-Plot
the I-Plot
titanic I-Plot
and I-Plot
covers I-Plot
their I-Plot
story I-Plot

what O
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
film O
features O
a O
small B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
older I-Plot
children I-Plot
obsessed I-Plot
with I-Plot
filming I-Plot
on I-Plot
their I-Plot
new I-Plot
super I-Plot
8 I-Plot
camera I-Plot
witnessing I-Plot
an I-Plot
alien I-Plot
discovery I-Plot

what O
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
film O
set O
in O
2074 O
featured O
illegal B-Plot
time I-Plot
traveling I-Plot
hit I-Plot
men I-Plot
working I-Plot
for I-Plot
criminal I-Plot
organizations I-Plot

what O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
an O
animated B-Genre
box B-Opinion
office I-Opinion
smash I-Opinion
hit I-Opinion
involves O
a O
colorful B-Plot
cast I-Plot
of I-Plot
animals I-Plot
that I-Plot
are I-Plot
masters I-Plot
in I-Plot
martial I-Plot
arts I-Plot

what O
sofia B-Director
coppola I-Director
film O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
japan I-Plot
revolves I-Plot
around I-Plot
the I-Plot
relationship I-Plot
between I-Plot
a I-Plot
has I-Plot
been I-Plot
actor I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
young I-Plot
woman I-Plot

what O
spielberg B-Director
movie O
is O
considered O
the O
first O
summer O
blockbuster O
and O
involves B-Plot
a I-Plot
killer I-Plot
shark I-Plot
s I-Plot
rampage I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
resort I-Plot
town I-Plot

what O
stanley B-Director
kubric I-Director
masterpiece B-Opinion
is O
hailed B-Opinion
as I-Opinion
one I-Opinion
of I-Opinion
the I-Opinion
greatest I-Opinion
science I-Opinion
fiction I-Opinion
films I-Opinion
ever I-Opinion
made I-Opinion

what O
stanley B-Director
kubric I-Director
masterpiece B-Opinion
is O
hailed O
as O
one O
of O
the O
most O
controversial B-Opinion
films O
of O
all O
time O

what O
stunning B-Opinion
action B-Genre
film O
featured O
bane B-Character_Name
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
charismatic I-Plot
super I-Plot
villain I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
take I-Plot
over I-Plot
gothem I-Plot

what O
survival B-Genre
movie O
is O
about O
liam B-Actor
neeson I-Actor
trying B-Plot
to I-Plot
return I-Plot
home I-Plot
while I-Plot
fending I-Plot
off I-Plot
wolves I-Plot
and I-Plot
blizzards I-Plot

what O
teen B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
features O
emma B-Actor
stone I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
student I-Plot
inspired I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
scarlet I-Plot
letter I-Plot

what O
the O
80 B-Year
s O
movie O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
former I-Plot
college I-Plot
friends I-Plot
that I-Plot
get I-Plot
together I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
weekend I-Plot

what O
time B-Genre
travel I-Genre
film O
features O
hit B-Plot
men I-Plot
who I-Plot
kill I-Plot
targets I-Plot
transported I-Plot
back I-Plot
in I-Plot
time I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot

what O
timeless B-Opinion
classic I-Opinion
starring O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
does O
he B-Plot
carry I-Plot
a I-Plot
large I-Plot
firearm I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
police I-Plot
officer I-Plot

what O
upcoming O
remake B-Relationship
of O
a O
1980 B-Year
s I-Year
movie O
involves O
a B-Plot
warrior I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
companions I-Plot
as I-Plot
they I-Plot
attempt I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
an I-Plot
evil I-Plot
warlord I-Plot
from I-Plot
finding I-Plot
the I-Plot
mask I-Plot
of I-Plot
acheron I-Plot

what O
vampire B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
franchise I-Relationship
which O
originally B-Origin
began I-Origin
as I-Origin
a I-Origin
comic I-Origin
book I-Origin
featured O
the O
actor O
wesley B-Actor
snipes I-Actor

what O
was O
director O
akira B-Director
kurosawa I-Director
s O
last O
large O
budget O
film O
and O
the O
most O
expensive O
japanese O
film O
made O
in O
1985 B-Year

what O
was O
that O
channing B-Actor
tatum I-Actor
movie O
where O
he O
played O
a O
soldier O
but O
not O
an O
action O
movie O
a O
romantic B-Genre
movie O

what O
was O
that O
film O
about O
a B-Plot
speech I-Plot
therapist I-Plot
helping I-Plot
george B-Character_Name
vi I-Character_Name
learn B-Plot
to I-Plot
speak I-Plot
without I-Plot
a I-Plot
stutter I-Plot

what O
was O
that O
film O
that O
had O
queequeg B-Character_Name
and O
ishmael B-Character_Name
in O
it O
where O
they B-Plot
chased I-Plot
a I-Plot
whale I-Plot

what O
was O
that O
movie O
featuring O
a O
young O
anne B-Actor
hathaway I-Actor
as O
a O
girl B-Plot
who I-Plot
learns I-Plot
she I-Plot
s I-Plot
heir I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
throne I-Plot
of I-Plot
genovia I-Plot

what O
was O
that O
movie O
starring O
jake B-Actor
gyllenhal I-Actor
and O
heath B-Actor
ledger I-Actor
as B-Plot
cowboys I-Plot
who I-Plot
fall I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot

what O
was O
that O
movie O
that O
was O
the O
sequel B-Relationship
to O
that O
jack B-Actor
black I-Actor
animated B-Genre
movie O
about O
the O
animals B-Plot
that I-Plot
know I-Plot
shaolin I-Plot
kung I-Plot
fu I-Plot

what O
was O
that O
movie O
where O
jack B-Actor
nicholson I-Actor
is O
chasing B-Plot
around I-Plot
his I-Plot
family I-Plot
in I-Plot
some I-Plot
giant I-Plot
hotel I-Plot
and I-Plot
using I-Plot
an I-Plot
axe I-Plot
to I-Plot
chop I-Plot
into I-Plot
his I-Plot
wifes I-Plot
hiding I-Plot
place I-Plot

what O
was O
that O
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
adventure I-Genre
film O
starring O
keanu B-Actor
reeves I-Actor
in O
which O
most B-Plot
characters I-Plot
are I-Plot
revealed I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
living I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
simulated I-Plot
reality I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
1995 B-Year
historical B-Genre
drama I-Genre
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
first I-Plot
war I-Plot
of I-Plot
scottish I-Plot
independence I-Plot
directed O
by O
mel B-Director
gibson I-Director

what O
was O
the O
christmas B-Genre
movie I-Genre
thaqt B-Plot
is I-Plot
named O
after O
a O
street O
which O
is O
actually O
a O
number O

what O
was O
the O
dystopian B-Genre
adventure I-Genre
flick O
that O
gave O
a O
then O
unknown O
mel B-Actor
gibson I-Actor
his O
first O
big O
break O

what O
was O
the O
ethan B-Actor
hawke I-Actor
and O
willem B-Actor
dafoe I-Actor
movie O
about O
vampires B-Plot
that I-Plot
have I-Plot
begun I-Plot
farming I-Plot
humans I-Plot
as I-Plot
a I-Plot
means I-Plot
for I-Plot
food I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
famous B-Opinion
hitchcock B-Director
film O
which O
featured O
a O
scene O
with O
janet B-Actor
leigh I-Actor
being O
murdered B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
shower I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
film O
about O
the B-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
mozart I-Plot
told I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
point I-Plot
of I-Plot
view I-Plot
of I-Plot
salieri I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
film O
starring O
jason B-Actor
segal I-Actor
and O
emily B-Actor
blunt I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
couple I-Plot
who I-Plot
become I-Plot
engaged I-Plot
and I-Plot
then I-Plot
wait I-Plot
a I-Plot
long I-Plot
time I-Plot
to I-Plot
get I-Plot
married I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
first B-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
of O
christopher B-Director
nolan I-Director
s O
epic O
trilogy O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
dc I-Origin
comic I-Origin
following O
a O
masked B-Plot
vigilante I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
last B-Relationship
of I-Relationship
a I-Relationship
series I-Relationship
of O
movies O
starring O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
as B-Plot
a I-Plot
pirate I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
movie O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
hawaii I-Plot
and O
this B-Plot
guy I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
service I-Plot
refuses I-Plot
to I-Plot
box I-Plot
because I-Plot
he I-Plot
blinded I-Plot
his I-Plot
boxing I-Plot
partner I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
past I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
movie O
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
civil I-Plot
war I-Plot
where I-Plot
the I-Plot
rich I-Plot
girl I-Plot
was I-Plot
courted I-Plot
by I-Plot
the I-Plot
two I-Plot
southern I-Plot
gentlemen I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
movie O
with O
adam B-Actor
sandler I-Actor
and O
jennifer B-Actor
aniston I-Actor
where O
the B-Plot
man I-Plot
pretends I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
a I-Plot
divorced I-Plot
couple I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
movie O
with O
the O
scientists B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
extremely I-Plot
cold I-Plot
environment I-Plot
where I-Plot
the I-Plot
scientists I-Plot
encounter I-Plot
a I-Plot
shape I-Plot
shifting I-Plot
alien I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
that O
was O
set O
in O
a O
western O
theme O
and O
being B-Plot
from I-Plot
outer I-Plot
space I-Plot
came I-Plot
in I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
that O
movie O
that O
was O
taken O
off O
a O
comic B-Origin
book I-Origin
series I-Origin
the O
guy B-Plot
was I-Plot
supper I-Plot
strong I-Plot
and I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
military I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
that O
old O
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
movie O
where O
the O
aliens B-Plot
would I-Plot
possess I-Plot
people I-Plot
by I-Plot
bringing I-Plot
in I-Plot
pods I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
that O
walt B-Genre
disney I-Genre
movie O
that O
was O
filled B-Plot
with I-Plot
all I-Plot
kind I-Plot
of I-Plot
colorful B-Opinion
animation B-Genre

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
1975 B-Year
mega B-Opinion
hit I-Opinion
thriller B-Genre
in B-Plot
which I-Plot
a I-Plot
great I-Plot
white I-Plot
shark I-Plot
menaced I-Plot
and I-Plot
munched I-Plot
on I-Plot
citizens I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
beach I-Plot
resort I-Plot
town I-Plot
of I-Plot
amity I-Plot
during I-Plot
july I-Plot
4 I-Plot
weekend I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
1980 B-Year
s O
movie O
where O
a B-Plot
st I-Plot
bernard I-Plot
contracted I-Plot
rabies I-Plot
and I-Plot
terrorized I-Plot
a I-Plot
small I-Plot
town I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
documentary B-Genre
that O
compiled B-Plot
clips I-Plot
from I-Plot
american I-Plot
propaganda I-Plot
films I-Plot
showing I-Plot
hilariously I-Plot
ineffective I-Plot
ways I-Plot
to I-Plot
survive I-Plot
a I-Plot
nuclear I-Plot
holocaust I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
first B-Relationship
sylvester B-Actor
stallone I-Actor
movie O
in B-Relationship
a I-Relationship
long I-Relationship
line I-Relationship
of O
them O
where O
he B-Plot
was I-Plot
a I-Plot
boxer I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
landmark O
1952 B-Year
western B-Genre
starring O
gary B-Actor
cooper I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
town I-Plot
marshal I-Plot
forced I-Plot
to I-Plot
face I-Plot
a I-Plot
vengeful I-Plot
gunman I-Plot
alone I-Plot
at I-Plot
the I-Plot
stroke I-Plot
of I-Plot
12 I-Plot
00 I-Plot
p I-Plot
m I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
that O
launched O
leonardo B-Actor
dicaprio I-Actor
into O
super O
stardom O
with O
kate B-Actor
winslet I-Actor

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
where O
arnold B-Actor
schwarzenegger I-Actor
was O
a B-Plot
robot I-Plot
sent I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
future I-Plot
to I-Plot
kill I-Plot
sara B-Character_Name
connor I-Character_Name

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
movie O
with O
the O
little B-Plot
girl I-Plot
and I-Plot
her I-Plot
dad I-Plot
had I-Plot
a I-Plot
whole I-Plot
bunch I-Plot
of I-Plot
firearms I-Plot
all I-Plot
over I-Plot
the I-Plot
walls I-Plot
inside I-Plot
their I-Plot
apartment I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
name O
of O
the O
pot B-Plot
head I-Plot
what I-Plot
food I-Plot
did I-Plot
he I-Plot
bring I-Plot
to I-Plot
class I-Plot
to I-Plot
share I-Plot
with I-Plot
everyone I-Plot

what O
was O
the O
only O
star O
wars O
movie O
that O
was O
not O
directed O
by O
it O
s O
initial O
creator O
george B-Director
lucas I-Director

what O
was O
the O
second B-Relationship
movie I-Relationship
in O
that O
george B-Director
lucas I-Director
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
movie I-Genre
trilogy B-Relationship
the O
one O
where O
they O
introduced O
the O
short O
green O
master O
guy O

what O
was O
the O
title O
of O
the O
cult B-Opinion
favorite I-Opinion
monster B-Genre
musical I-Genre
spoof I-Genre
starring O
tim B-Actor
curry I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
transvestite I-Plot
alien I-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
planet I-Plot
transylvania I-Plot
menacing I-Plot
a I-Plot
straight I-Plot
laced I-Plot
young I-Plot
couple I-Plot

what O
year O
did O
casino O
come O
out O
and O
who O
was O
the O
film O
based O
on O

when B-Plot
a I-Plot
christmas I-Plot
party I-Plot
turns I-Plot
into I-Plot
a I-Plot
hostage I-Plot
crisis I-Plot
one I-Plot
man I-Plot
takes I-Plot
matters I-Plot
into I-Plot
his I-Plot
own I-Plot
hands I-Plot

when B-Plot
a I-Plot
mad I-Plot
man I-Plot
calling I-Plot
himself I-Plot
the I-Plot
scorpio B-Character_Name
killer I-Character_Name
menaces B-Plot
the I-Plot
city I-Plot
tough I-Plot
as I-Plot
nails I-Plot
san I-Plot
francisco I-Plot
police I-Plot
inspector I-Plot
harry B-Character_Name
callahan I-Character_Name
is B-Plot
assigned I-Plot
to I-Plot
track I-Plot
down I-Plot
and I-Plot
ferret I-Plot
out I-Plot
the I-Plot
crazed I-Plot
psychopath I-Plot

when B-Plot
a I-Plot
man I-Plot
goes I-Plot
for I-Plot
virtual I-Plot
vacation I-Plot
memories I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
planet I-Plot
mars I-Plot
an I-Plot
unexpected I-Plot
and I-Plot
harrowing I-Plot
series I-Plot
of I-Plot
events I-Plot
forces I-Plot
him I-Plot
to I-Plot
go I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
planet I-Plot
is O
the O
plot O
of O
this O
sci B-Genre
fic I-Genre
action I-Genre
movie O

when O
a B-Plot
plane I-Plot
crash I-Plot
strands I-Plot
a I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
workers I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
far I-Plot
north I-Plot
the I-Plot
fierce I-Plot
winter I-Plot
weather I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
the I-Plot
least I-Plot
of I-Plot
their I-Plot
problems I-Plot
in I-Plot
man I-Plot
eating I-Plot
wolf I-Plot
territory I-Plot
in O
this O
recent O
film O

when B-Plot
a I-Plot
sports I-Plot
agent I-Plot
has I-Plot
a I-Plot
moral I-Plot
epiphany I-Plot
and I-Plot
is I-Plot
fired I-Plot
for I-Plot
expressing I-Plot
it I-Plot
he I-Plot
decides I-Plot
to I-Plot
put I-Plot
his I-Plot
new I-Plot
philosophy I-Plot
to I-Plot
the I-Plot
test I-Plot
as I-Plot
an I-Plot
independent I-Plot
with I-Plot
the I-Plot
only I-Plot
athlete I-Plot
who I-Plot
stays I-Plot
with I-Plot
him I-Plot
is O
the O
plot O
of O
this O
1996 B-Year
romantic B-Genre
drama I-Genre
starring O
tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor

where O
did O
ben B-Actor
stiller I-Actor
s O
character O
work O
in O
the O
watch O

which O
1968 B-Year
black O
and O
white O
american B-Genre
independent I-Genre
horror I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
george B-Director
a I-Director
romero I-Director
set O
off O
the O
popular O
zombie B-Plot
genre O

which O
1985 B-Year
film O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
1982 I-Origin
novel I-Origin
by I-Origin
alice I-Origin
walker I-Origin
focuses O
on O
the B-Plot
problems I-Plot
faced I-Plot
by I-Plot
african I-Plot
american I-Plot
women I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
1900 I-Plot
s I-Plot

which O
1988 B-Year
movie O
stars O
a O
young O
val B-Actor
kilmer I-Actor
where O
he O
has O
to O
help B-Plot
a I-Plot
dwarf I-Plot
protect I-Plot
a I-Plot
baby I-Plot
from I-Plot
an I-Plot
evil I-Plot
queen I-Plot

which O
2003 B-Year
christmas B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
starred O
snl O
comedian O
will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
who O
travels B-Plot
from I-Plot
the I-Plot
north I-Plot
pole I-Plot
to I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot
in I-Plot
search I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
father I-Plot

which O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
film O
features O
retired B-Plot
spies I-Plot
and I-Plot
agents I-Plot
fighting I-Plot
for I-Plot
their I-Plot
lives I-Plot
against I-Plot
corrupt I-Plot
politicians I-Plot
and I-Plot
agents I-Plot
who I-Plot
work I-Plot
for I-Plot
their I-Plot
previous I-Plot
employers I-Plot

which O
2011 B-Year
film O
was O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
michael I-Origin
lewis I-Origin
published O
in O
2003 O
that O
centered B-Plot
around I-Plot
sabermetrics I-Plot

which O
2012 B-Year
sci B-Genre
fi I-Genre
found O
footage O
film O
starred O
dane B-Actor
dehaan I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
bullied I-Plot
outcast I-Plot
who I-Plot
discovers I-Plot
a I-Plot
mysterious I-Plot
artifact I-Plot
that I-Plot
gives I-Plot
him I-Plot
amazing I-Plot
powers I-Plot

which O
90 B-Year
s I-Year
american B-Genre
slasher I-Genre
film O
directed O
by O
wes B-Director
craven I-Director
features B-Plot
an I-Plot
iconically I-Plot
masked I-Plot
murderer I-Plot
who I-Plot
preys I-Plot
on I-Plot
teenagers I-Plot
loosely B-Origin
based I-Origin
on I-Origin
the I-Origin
gainesville I-Origin
ripper I-Origin

which O
90 B-Year
s I-Year
animated B-Genre
film O
has O
such O
songs O
as O
hakuna O
matata O
and O
the O
circle O
of O
life O

which O
bruce B-Actor
lee I-Actor
hong B-Genre
kong I-Genre
movie O
includes O
a B-Plot
thrice I-Plot
scratched I-Plot
face I-Plot
and I-Plot
a I-Plot
battle I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
mirror I-Plot
maze I-Plot

which O
comedy B-Genre
classic B-Opinion
featuring O
billy B-Actor
crystal I-Actor
and O
andre B-Actor
the I-Actor
giant I-Actor
tells O
the O
story O
of O
prince B-Character_Name
wesley I-Character_Name
as B-Plot
he I-Plot
tries I-Plot
to I-Plot
capture I-Plot
the I-Plot
affections I-Plot
and I-Plot
save I-Plot
the I-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
princess B-Character_Name
buttercup I-Character_Name

which O
crime B-Genre
film O
depicts O
bruce B-Actor
willis I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
boxer I-Plot
who I-Plot
accidentally I-Plot
kills I-Plot
the I-Plot
man I-Plot
he I-Plot
was I-Plot
supposed I-Plot
to I-Plot
lose I-Plot
to I-Plot

which O
critically B-Opinion
acclaimed I-Opinion
musical B-Genre
was O
released O
in O
2012 B-Year
and O
stars O
tom B-Actor
cruise I-Actor
and O
julianne B-Actor
hough I-Actor

which O
disney B-Director
film O
introduces O
a O
curly B-Plot
red I-Plot
headed I-Plot
overly I-Plot
independent I-Plot
princess I-Plot
looking I-Plot
to I-Plot
follow I-Plot
her I-Plot
dreams I-Plot

which O
ensemble O
film O
follows O
two B-Plot
hitmen I-Plot
to I-Plot
return I-Plot
a I-Plot
briefcase I-Plot
to I-Plot
their I-Plot
boss I-Plot
marsellus B-Character_Name
wallace I-Character_Name

which O
famous O
gangster B-Genre
film O
sequel B-Relationship
was O
directed O
by O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director
and O
stared O
both O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
and O
robert B-Actor
de I-Actor
niro I-Actor

which O
film O
features O
chris B-Actor
pine I-Actor
and O
tom B-Actor
hardy I-Actor
as O
cia B-Plot
agents I-Plot
who I-Plot
realize I-Plot
they I-Plot
are I-Plot
dating I-Plot
the I-Plot
same I-Plot
woman I-Plot

which O
film O
features O
jim B-Actor
carrey I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
prisoner I-Plot
who I-Plot
falls I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot
with I-Plot
fellow I-Plot
inmate I-Plot
ewan B-Actor
mcgregor I-Actor

which O
film O
features O
morgan B-Actor
freeman I-Actor
and O
tom B-Actor
robbins I-Actor
as O
inmates B-Plot
serving I-Plot
time I-Plot
together I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
state I-Plot
prison I-Plot

which O
film O
starred O
vanessa B-Actor
hudgens I-Actor
in O
a O
modern B-Opinion
day I-Opinion
retelling B-Relationship
of O
beauty B-Character_Name
and I-Character_Name
the I-Character_Name
beast I-Character_Name

which O
film O
starring O
colin B-Actor
firth I-Actor
depicted B-Plot
the I-Plot
struggles I-Plot
of I-Plot
king I-Plot
george I-Plot
vi I-Plot
as I-Plot
he I-Plot
learned I-Plot
to I-Plot
overcome I-Plot
his I-Plot
speech I-Plot
impediment I-Plot

which O
film O
stars O
macaulay B-Actor
culkin I-Actor
as O
kevin B-Character_Name
mccallister I-Character_Name
defending B-Plot
his I-Plot
home I-Plot
from I-Plot
a I-Plot
pair I-Plot
of I-Plot
robbers I-Plot

which O
film O
stars O
steve B-Actor
carrell I-Actor
as O
a O
middle B-Plot
aged I-Plot
divorced I-Plot
man I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
love I-Plot
after I-Plot
his I-Plot
wife I-Plot
has I-Plot
an I-Plot
affair I-Plot

which O
film O
was O
labeled O
as O
the O
first O
english O
film O
version O
of O
a O
masterpiece B-Opinion
work O
of O
literature B-Origin
by I-Origin
leo I-Origin
tolstoy I-Origin

which O
film O
was O
quirky B-Opinion
director O
wes B-Director
anderson I-Director
s O
foray O
into O
the O
world O
of O
author B-Origin
roald I-Origin
dahl I-Origin
and O
hand O
crafted O
stop O
motion O
filmmaking O

which O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director
movie O
was O
the O
one B-Plot
about I-Plot
the I-Plot
mob I-Plot
family I-Plot
called O
with O
al B-Actor
pacino I-Actor
in O
it O

which O
francis B-Director
ford I-Director
coppola I-Director
directed I-Director
movie O
featured O
robert B-Actor
deniro I-Actor
playing O
a O
young O
don B-Character_Name
corleone I-Character_Name
in O
sicily O

which O
hayao B-Director
miyazaki I-Director
animated B-Genre
film O
tells B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
girl I-Plot
who I-Plot
enters I-Plot
an I-Plot
alternate I-Plot
reality I-Plot
and I-Plot
must I-Plot
find I-Plot
her I-Plot
way I-Plot
to I-Plot
freedom I-Plot

which O
hitchcock B-Director
film O
features O
jimmy B-Actor
stewart I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
confined I-Plot
to I-Plot
his I-Plot
wheel I-Plot
chair I-Plot
with I-Plot
a I-Plot
broken I-Plot
leg I-Plot
who I-Plot
sees I-Plot
what I-Plot
he I-Plot
believes I-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
a I-Plot
murder I-Plot
through I-Plot
his I-Plot
window I-Plot

which O
horror B-Genre
film O
starring O
daniel B-Actor
radcliffe I-Actor
features O
a B-Plot
town I-Plot
terrorized I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
woman I-Plot
who I-Plot
kills I-Plot
children I-Plot
in I-Plot
order I-Plot
to I-Plot
revenge I-Plot
her I-Plot
own I-Plot
lost I-Plot
son I-Plot

which O
horse B-Genre
racing I-Genre
film I-Genre
produced O
by O
disney B-Director
featured O
performances O
by O
john B-Actor
malkovich I-Actor
diane I-Actor
lane I-Actor
and O
margo B-Actor
martindale I-Actor

which O
iconic B-Opinion
detective B-Genre
movie O
has O
a O
young O
clint B-Actor
eastwood I-Actor
uttering O
the O
words O
make B-Quote
my I-Quote
day I-Quote

which O
intelligent B-Opinion
crime B-Genre
film I-Genre
earned O
kevin B-Actor
spacey I-Actor
high O
praise O
and O
an O
academy B-Award
award I-Award
for I-Award
best I-Award
supporting I-Award
actor I-Award

which O
is O
the O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
book I-Origin
by I-Origin
c I-Origin
s I-Origin
lewis I-Origin
featuring O
the B-Plot
pevensie I-Plot
children I-Plot
as I-Plot
they I-Plot
try I-Plot
to I-Plot
rescue I-Plot
the I-Plot
seven I-Plot
lords I-Plot
of I-Plot
narnia I-Plot

which O
john B-Actor
travolta I-Actor
and O
nick B-Actor
cage I-Actor
movie O
features O
an O
undercover B-Plot
agent I-Plot
who I-Plot
must I-Plot
change I-Plot
his I-Plot
appearance I-Plot
to I-Plot
infiltrate I-Plot
a I-Plot
criminal I-Plot
organization I-Plot

which O
movie O
did O
they O
base O
all O
of O
the O
scary B-Genre
movie I-Genre
parodies I-Genre
on O
with O
courteney B-Actor
cox I-Actor

which O
movie O
directed O
by O
oliver B-Director
stone I-Director
features O
charlie B-Actor
sheen I-Actor
chronicling B-Plot
first I-Plot
hand I-Plot
personal I-Plot
experiences I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
vietnam I-Plot
war I-Plot

which O
movie O
features O
reese B-Actor
witherspoon I-Actor
and O
robert B-Actor
pattinson I-Actor
as O
circus B-Plot
workers I-Plot
who I-Plot
fall I-Plot
in I-Plot
love I-Plot

which O
movie O
features O
the O
trials B-Plot
and I-Plot
tribulations I-Plot
of O
mark B-Character_Name
zuckerberg I-Character_Name
setting B-Plot
up I-Plot
his I-Plot
digital I-Plot
empire I-Plot

which O
movie O
is O
about O
a B-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
friends I-Plot
engage I-Plot
in I-Plot
idiodic I-Plot
and I-Plot
obscene I-Plot
stunts I-Plot
for I-Plot
fun I-Plot
and I-Plot
notoriety I-Plot
among I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot

which O
movie O
is O
the O
one O
that O
s O
about B-Plot
the I-Plot
girl I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
tower I-Plot
who I-Plot
has I-Plot
long I-Plot
magical I-Plot
hair I-Plot
that I-Plot
glows I-Plot

which O
movie O
is O
the O
shot O
by O
shot O
remake B-Relationship
of O
the O
hitchcock B-Director
classic B-Origin
with O
vince B-Actor
vaughn I-Actor
and O
anne B-Actor
heche I-Actor

which O
movie O
plot O
is O
based O
around O
an B-Plot
aggressive I-Plot
lobbyist I-Plot
turned I-Plot
defector I-Plot
because I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
son I-Plot

which O
movie O
starring O
brad B-Actor
pitt I-Actor
and O
edward B-Actor
norton I-Actor
contains O
the B-Quote
first I-Quote
rule I-Quote
is I-Quote
to I-Quote
not I-Quote
talk I-Quote
about I-Quote
it I-Quote

which O
musical B-Genre
set O
in O
1950 B-Year
s I-Year
new O
york O
features B-Plot
two I-Plot
rival I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
the I-Plot
sharks I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
jets I-Plot
playing I-Plot
out I-Plot
a I-Plot
modern I-Plot
day I-Plot
retelling B-Relationship
of I-Relationship
romeo B-Character_Name
and I-Character_Name
juliet I-Character_Name

which O
musical B-Genre
set B-Plot
in I-Plot
mid I-Plot
1950 I-Plot
s I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
told I-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
rival I-Plot
gangs I-Plot
the I-Plot
jets I-Plot
and I-Plot
the I-Plot
sharks I-Plot

which O
natalie B-Actor
wood I-Actor
musical B-Genre
was O
a O
dramatic B-Genre
retelling O
of O
william B-Origin
shakespeare I-Origin
s I-Origin
play I-Origin
romeo I-Origin
and I-Origin
juliet I-Origin

which O
of O
johnny B-Actor
depp I-Actor
s O
roles O
had O
him O
with O
messed B-Plot
up I-Plot
hair I-Plot
and I-Plot
scissors I-Plot
at I-Plot
the I-Plot
end I-Plot
of I-Plot
his I-Plot
hands I-Plot

which O
of O
these O
films O
showed O
us O
the B-Plot
murder I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
king I-Plot
the I-Plot
defection I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
prince I-Plot
and I-Plot
an I-Plot
angry I-Plot
uncle I-Plot
ascending I-Plot
the I-Plot
throne I-Plot

which O
of O
these O
movies O
has O
an O
actor O
who O
has O
since O
gotten O
into O
trouble O
with O
the O
law O
several O
times O

which O
of O
these O
movies O
is O
a B-Relationship
cross I-Relationship
over I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
two I-Relationship
separate I-Relationship
films I-Relationship
that O
exist O
within O
a O
similar O
genre O

which O
one O
of O
the O
following O
films O
listed O
took B-Plot
place I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
french I-Plot
train I-Plot
station I-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
1930 I-Plot
s I-Plot

which O
one O
of O
woody B-Director
allens I-Director
wives O
was O
the O
start O
in O
annie B-Origin
hall I-Origin

which O
period B-Genre
drama I-Genre
centered O
around O
music O
features B-Plot
rival I-Plot
composers I-Plot
competing I-Plot
against I-Plot
each I-Plot
other I-Plot
in I-Plot
vienna I-Plot
during I-Plot
the I-Plot
18 I-Plot
th I-Plot
century I-Plot

which O
quentin B-Director
tarantino I-Director
film O
told O
the O
story B-Plot
of I-Plot
two I-Plot
attempts I-Plot
to I-Plot
assassinate I-Plot
political I-Plot
leaders I-Plot
in I-Plot
nazi I-Plot
germany I-Plot

which O
roman B-Director
polanski I-Director
film O
features O
ewan B-Actor
macgregor I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
tasked I-Plot
with I-Plot
completing I-Plot
the I-Plot
memoirs I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
former I-Plot
prime I-Plot
minister I-Plot

which O
stanley B-Director
kubrick I-Director
satire B-Genre
features O
nuclear B-Plot
bombs I-Plot
the I-Plot
end I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
world I-Plot
and O
comedy B-Genre
filmed O
in O
black O
and O
white O

which O
steven B-Director
soderbergh I-Director
film O
explores B-Plot
the I-Plot
illegal I-Plot
drug I-Plot
trade I-Plot
from I-Plot
varying I-Plot
perspectives I-Plot
and O
features O
catherine B-Actor
zeta I-Actor
jones I-Actor
don I-Actor
cheadle I-Actor
and O
benecio B-Actor
del I-Actor
toro I-Actor

which O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
film O
featured O
an B-Plot
alien I-Plot
who I-Plot
crash I-Plot
landed I-Plot
on I-Plot
earth I-Plot
and I-Plot
just I-Plot
wanted I-Plot
to I-Plot
find I-Plot
his I-Plot
way I-Plot
home I-Plot

which O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
film O
stars O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
as O
a B-Plot
man I-Plot
tasked I-Plot
with I-Plot
rescuing I-Plot
a I-Plot
solider I-Plot
played I-Plot
by I-Plot
matt B-Actor
damon I-Actor

which O
steven B-Director
spielberg I-Director
film O
tells O
the B-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
a I-Plot
german I-Plot
businessman I-Plot
who I-Plot
saved I-Plot
the I-Plot
lives I-Plot
of I-Plot
nearly I-Plot
a I-Plot
thousand I-Plot
jews I-Plot
during I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
2 I-Plot

which O
superhero B-Genre
movie I-Genre
was O
directed O
by O
joss B-Director
whedon I-Director
and O
starred O
scarlett B-Actor
johansson I-Actor
and O
chris B-Actor
evans I-Actor

which O
tom B-Actor
hanks I-Actor
movie O
features O
a B-Plot
dopey I-Plot
but I-Plot
lovable I-Plot
veteran I-Plot
who I-Plot
takes I-Plot
part I-Plot
in I-Plot
many I-Plot
iconic I-Plot
american I-Plot
moments I-Plot

which O
war B-Genre
film O
depicted O
the B-Plot
life I-Plot
of I-Plot
ordinary I-Plot
sailors I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
german I-Plot
u I-Plot
boat I-Plot
during I-Plot
world I-Plot
war I-Plot
2 I-Plot

which O
zach B-Director
galifianakis I-Director
film O
follows B-Plot
the I-Plot
story I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
people I-Plot
in I-Plot
mental I-Plot
hospital I-Plot
who I-Plot
put I-Plot
on I-Plot
a I-Plot
concert I-Plot

who O
actor O
played O
the O
quarterback O
in O
the O
original B-Origin
version I-Origin
of O
this O
movie O

whoopi B-Actor
goldberg I-Actor
won O
the O
best B-Award
supporting I-Award
actress I-Award
academy I-Award
award I-Award
for O
her O
performance O
as O
a B-Plot
con I-Plot
artist I-Plot
medium I-Plot
in O
this O
1990 B-Year
film O

whos O
brain O
did O
dr B-Character_Name
frankenstein I-Character_Name
put B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
jar I-Plot

why B-Quote
were I-Quote
the I-Quote
pacifists I-Quote
so I-Quote
easily I-Quote
turned I-Quote
to I-Quote
murder I-Quote
perhaps I-Quote
vegetarians I-Quote
have I-Quote
the I-Quote
same I-Quote
lust I-Quote
for I-Quote
life I-Quote
as I-Quote
the I-Quote
rest I-Quote
of I-Quote
us I-Quote

wil B-Actor
smitth I-Actor
stars O
as O
a B-Plot
lawyer I-Plot
who I-Plot
becomes I-Plot
a I-Plot
target I-Plot
by I-Plot
a I-Plot
corrupt I-Plot
politician I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
nsa I-Plot
goons I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
accidentally I-Plot
receives I-Plot
key I-Plot
evidence I-Plot
to I-Plot
a I-Plot
serious I-Plot
politically I-Plot
motivated I-Plot
crime I-Plot

will B-Actor
ferrell I-Actor
and O
mark B-Actor
wahlberg I-Actor
are O
two B-Plot
mismatched I-Plot
new I-Plot
york I-Plot
city I-Plot
detectives I-Plot
in O
this O
2010 B-Year
action B-Genre
comedy I-Genre
that O
was O
written O
and O
directed O
by O
adam B-Director
mckay I-Director

will B-Actor
forte I-Actor
plays O
an O
ex B-Plot
special I-Plot
operative I-Plot
trying I-Plot
to I-Plot
stop I-Plot
his I-Plot
arch I-Plot
enemy I-Plot
dieter B-Character_Name
von I-Character_Name
cunth I-Character_Name
from B-Plot
destroying I-Plot
washington I-Plot
d I-Plot
c I-Plot

will B-Actor
smith I-Actor
and O
tommy B-Actor
lee I-Actor
jones I-Actor
return O
for O
another O
action O
packed O
alien B-Genre
film I-Genre
in O
this O
2012 B-Year
flick O

william B-Director
brent I-Director
bell I-Director
wrote O
and O
directed O
this O
2012 B-Year
horror B-Genre
movie O
about B-Plot
a I-Plot
series I-Plot
of I-Plot
unauthorized I-Plot
exorcisms I-Plot
in I-Plot
italy I-Plot

winona B-Actor
ryder I-Actor
is O
a B-Actor
girl I-Actor
who I-Actor
half I-Actor
heartedly I-Actor
tries B-Plot
to I-Plot
be I-Plot
part I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
in I-Plot
crowd I-Plot
of I-Plot
her I-Plot
school I-Plot
when I-Plot
she I-Plot
meets I-Plot
a I-Plot
rebel I-Plot
who I-Plot
teaches I-Plot
her I-Plot
a I-Plot
more I-Plot
devious I-Plot
way I-Plot
to I-Plot
play I-Plot
social I-Plot
politics I-Plot
in O
this O
1988 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
drama I-Genre

woody B-Director
allen I-Director
directed O
this O
1971 B-Year
comedy B-Genre
starring O
mickey B-Actor
rose I-Actor
and O
woody B-Actor
allen I-Actor

woody B-Plot
is I-Plot
certain I-Plot
there I-Plot
must I-Plot
be I-Plot
some I-Plot
mistake I-Plot
when I-Plot
he I-Plot
and I-Plot
his I-Plot
friends I-Plot
find I-Plot
themselves I-Plot
at I-Plot
a I-Plot
child I-Plot
s I-Plot
day I-Plot
care I-Plot
in O
the O
latest B-Relationship
installment I-Relationship
of I-Relationship
this I-Relationship
series I-Relationship

you O
are O
living B-Plot
in I-Plot
the I-Plot
pacific I-Plot
northwest I-Plot
and I-Plot
forming I-Plot
a I-Plot
group I-Plot
of I-Plot
neighbors I-Plot
to I-Plot
hold I-Plot
back I-Plot
the I-Plot
invading I-Plot
north I-Plot
koreans I-Plot
what O
movie O
are O
you O
in O

you O
are O
told O
that O
who O
need O
to O
rob B-Plot
a I-Plot
bank I-Plot
or I-Plot
else I-Plot
by I-Plot
two I-Plot
people I-Plot
dressed I-Plot
in I-Plot
planet I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
apes I-Plot
masks I-Plot
what O
movie O
are O
you O
in O

you B-Quote
know I-Quote
the I-Quote
prefects I-Quote
bathroom I-Quote
on I-Quote
the I-Quote
fifth I-Quote
floor I-Quote
it I-Quote
s I-Quote
not I-Quote
a I-Quote
bad I-Quote
place I-Quote
for I-Quote
a I-Quote
bath I-Quote
just I-Quote
take I-Quote
your I-Quote
egg I-Quote
and I-Quote
mull I-Quote
things I-Quote
over I-Quote
in I-Quote
the I-Quote
hot I-Quote
water I-Quote
is O
a O
quote O
from O
which O
j B-Origin
k I-Origin
rowling I-Origin
novel I-Origin
turned O
movie O

you O
see O
this O
1965 B-Year
musical B-Genre
masterpiece B-Opinion
regularly O
scheduled O
for O
a O
holiday O
tv O
re O
play O
almost O
every O
year O

young B-Plot
traveler I-Plot
allan B-Character_Name
gray I-Character_Name
discovers B-Plot
evidence I-Plot
of I-Plot
the I-Plot
supernatural I-Plot
in O
this O
black O
and O
white O
1932 B-Year
horror B-Genre
film O

yul B-Actor
bryner I-Actor
recreated B-Origin
his I-Origin
broadway I-Origin
role I-Origin
in O
this O
1956 B-Year
musical B-Genre
and O
won B-Award
the I-Award
best I-Award
actor I-Award
academy I-Award
award I-Award

yul B-Actor
brynner I-Actor
won O
an O
oscar B-Award
for O
his O
role O
in O
this O
1956 B-Year
rogers B-Director
and I-Director
hammerstein I-Director
musical B-Genre

zac B-Actor
efron I-Actor
is O
a B-Plot
soldier I-Plot
searching I-Plot
for I-Plot
the I-Plot
woman I-Plot
in I-Plot
a I-Plot
photograph I-Plot
that I-Plot
saved I-Plot
his I-Plot
life I-Plot
in O
this O
movie O
based B-Origin
on I-Origin
a I-Origin
nicholas I-Origin
sparks I-Origin
novel I-Origin

